In the Brahmaputra River system, planners face a Hobson’s choice between the twin goals of climate change adaptation and mitigation.
The Times’s Washington bureau chief and magazine contributor explains why he decided to write an e-book.
Too many ships and not enough cargo have sent ship values plummeting. Many are not worth what European banks lent to build them.
The battle over Dell suggests that investors today may be slightly less short-term greedy than previous generations. | A collection of internal e-mails at the law firm DLA Piper could reinforce a perception that law firms inflate bills. | Puerto Rico is fashioning a new identity for itself as a tax haven. | A report says that the board of Hulu has approached potential buyers.
A clip from the Marketplace Money public radio program about the Your Money team’s continuing search for what college applicants are writing about money.
Documents in a lawsuit against Standard & Poor’s provide a glimpse at the company’s inner working in the run-up to the financial crisis. | Royal Bank of Scotland poised to settle accusations that it manipulated Libor. | Debevoise & Plimpton is eliminating its trusts and estates practice. | The fate of Hostess Brands shows how corporate machinations can both doom and save a company.
How much does the shape and scope of the president’s electoral success threaten the policy-making ascendancy of big business?
It has become much more common for Americans over 65 to continue working, if they can.
Increases in costs for programming like basketball and football at ESPN provided a drag on the results from Disney’s media networks unit. Walt Disney Studios struggled compared with the same period a year earlier.
Farm loans, rural health programs, education among the areas where spending will increase.
G.D.P. slips. Optimism rises. And the intrigue continues at Downton Arby’s. Will immigration reform help your business?
Cyprus partly approves a formula to obtain a bailout; Israel apologizes to Turkey; the writer Chinua Achebe dies; cargo ships in trouble; and the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The company has been plagued by business and technical problems, including two recalls, disappointing fuel-economy ratings, limited all-electric range and mixed reviews of its Karma sedan.
Though a tireless promoter of the film industry in the city, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg isn’t a fan of going to the movies, he told a magazine.
Chicago’s McCormick Place convention center has more floor space than any other United States arena where auto shows are held.
Forms of debt forgiveness can make collection more efficient but run the risk of debtors’ gaming the system, an economist writes.
It appears that the past four years had a net gain of just 28,000 jobs. Private-sector jobs were up, but government employment was down.
Many influential people will gather this week at the World Economic Forum to make predictions, and some of them will be right, and some wrong.
A survey suggests that even those who might have the greatest need for government assistance subscribe to a mentality of self-reliance and bootstrapping.
Europe’s political leaders have taken important steps to improve spending discipline among euro members, but have yet to address some serious flaws in the structure of the euro zone.
India has fewer cops per capita than most other countries.
With the scale of the immigration problem stabilizing for the moment, or even shrinking, there is more room for political compromise than the last time Congress tried, and failed, to confront the issue.
More about the evidence.
Visceral dislike of easy money does not a sound analysis make.
The Stingray name, which has not been used on Corvettes in decades, is being revived.
But which price? That makes all the difference.
Latin America’s growth hasn’t closed the rift between rich and poor.
Women’s only bank and new safety fund.
Chevrolet shows Nascar fans its first rear-drive performance sedan since the 1996 departure of the Impala SS.
The real costs of breast milk can be measured in economic terms, and right now, individual families are the ones who bear them.
A huge paper company promotes paper’s usefulness in a digital age; Denmark’s Muslim groups champion free speech, even when they consider that speech odious; and music supervisors are snubbed by the Oscars.
Even the recent reduction in carbon-dioxide emissions in the United States is not nearly sharp enough to avoid reaching what climate scientists consider the prudent limit in global warming within decades.
The jobs report for last March was a big disappointment, one that spurred talk of a new recession. Now we learn that report was simply wrong, that March was actually a very good month and that jobs rose much more rapidly in 2012 than we had previously been told.
Dissenters from the Federal Reserve’s stimulus campaign are often those from the districts where economic growth has been the fastest.
Douglas Tompkins, the founder of Esprit and The North Face and now an ardent conservationist, has some radical notions — and millions of acres in South America.
A former SAC analyst has given federal agents the names of about 20 people he said had engaged in insider trading. | Dish Network challenges Sprint Nextel’s bid for Clearwire. | Lawmakers warn A.I.G. not to sue the government. | A new banking company is offering an alternative to people frustrated with red tape and fees.
The deals of recent weeks have very little to do with the trends that bankers on Wall Street say they believe will drive a new cycle of deal-making.
The Muslim Brotherhood doesn’t want to open Egypt’s border with Gaza for fear that Israel will dump the Gaza problem on Egypt’s lap.
The litigation challenging the orderly liquidation authority under the Dodd-Frank Act proceeds from the faulty notion that Chapter 11 bankruptcy provides a one-size-fits-all solution,
To capture Russia’s rapid changes and vast territory, Rafal Milach went small, delving into the lives of seven people reconciling their country’s past with its ever-evolving future.
The sequester and the across-the-board spending cuts it brings are almost the exact opposite of what the economy needs to grow and create jobs, an economist writes.
In Tuesday’s New York Times, Claire Cain Miller and Catherine Rampell report on Yahoo’s edict that all employees must work at the office to foster collaboration. The move takes on one of the country’s biggest workplace issues: whether the ability to work from home leads to greater productivity or inhibits innovation and collaboration.
The commentators of the extreme right wing are still talking, but, increasingly, it’s to themselves.
Concern about ivory trade; joblessness rises in Europe; challenge for Syrian rebel leader; and Swiss consider compensation laws.
Relationship Science is compiling a new computer database for the heavy hitters of business that lists a person’s associates, their political affiliations, their charity work and more.
Are Macau’s fast-rising gambling revenues a sign of a expanding Chinese economy or of shrinking confidence among wealthy Chinese who may be “washing” their money in order to emigrate? Or both?
The European press went into overdrive on Tuesday with a shocked response to the political gridlock in Italy and the potential spillover to the euro zone. Are the doom-mongers justified, or is the indecisive outcome just a historical blip?
Dodge has refreshed the Durango for 2014, giving full-size S.U.V. buyers something nice to consider.
On fracking, teen pregnancy, and the limits of the Planned Parenthood paradigm.
Bergoglio’s tense relations with the Argentine government suggest the new pope may be unafraid to ruffle a few feathers in the Vatican.
Foreign participation in mainland stock markets could increase tenfold, said Guo Shuqing, the country’s top securities regulator.
A surprise break with the Very Serious People.
First Gérard Depardieu. Now Brigitte Bardot. France’s most famous movie icon is threatening to flee to Russia. But this time it’s not about taxes — it’s about elephants.
The upwardly mobile American is becoming a statistical oddity.
Government officials from the British territory of Gibraltar visited Rio de Janeiro this week to promote its financial stability as well as its access to the European Union and low taxes.
For those who have seen the industry’s optimism dashed before, an upbeat report on Tuesday by its global trade body, the International Federation for the Phonographic Industry, brought hope and skepticism.
A growing chorus of voices from across the political spectrum is criticizing the size, impact and policies of the largest banks, an economist writes.
New polls find continued dissatisfaction with the direction of the country, yet support for several of the policies the president has said he will push in his second term.
In his news conference Monday, President Obama suggested that Washington will have tamed the government’s debt problems if the two parties can agree on another $1.5 trillion or so in spending cuts and tax increases.
From environmental programs to renewable energy support to all kinds of inspections, the more than $80 billion in automatic budget cuts will have an impact.
In a video on YouTube, restaurant workers stacking dishes, shaking drinks, chopping onions and plating burritos take a moment to lip-sync and dance along to the 1959 Motown hit “Money (That’s What I Want).”
Congress seems determined to throw more than a million people out of work.
Cyprus secures a bailout deal. | Banks lose a loophole | An F.C.C. shift may thwart a Murdoch media deal. | Buyers Circle Marks & Spencer as takeover target | A buyer is found for Blockbuster’s British unit.
Islamists gain ground in Mali; Chinese censors in Los Angeles; another Washington showdown looms; men’s wear in Milan.
Struggling Americans are worse off in regions with regressive systems for raising money.
European vignerons mounted a furious campaign against loosening up planting regulations. If growers could plant vines willy-nilly, the image of proud place names like Gevrey-Chambertin, Margaux or Barolo would be undermined. But does the rule stymie the European wine industry’s chance to compete, or enhance it?
An interview with James McGregor, whose book “No Ancient Wisdom, No Followers” argues that the long-term prospects for China’s economy are being hurt by state dominance and protectionism.
A panel finds that a blend of intensified research and strong policy could take a big bite out of oil use and CO2 emissions.
China’s leadership has been promoting a concept called the “Chinese Dream” that depends on continued economic growth and stable relations with the United States. Apple, meanwhile, finds itself the target of attacks in the official media.
North Korea, one of the most cut-off nations on earth, appears to have an official Twitter account. It contains some surprises.
A proposed new border regime has been billed as offering an open and secure Europe. Critics say it is just a way to make life harder for the kind of visitors the Continent does not really want.
Bruce Babbitt faults the president for opening vast tracts of public land drilling and protecting less than some recent predecessors.
Do our political leaders have the courage to compromise and agree on a long-term balanced approach that ends budget making by crisis?
What does “exercising leadership” mean?
The last-minute compromise set the stage for yet more fighting in Washington.
With malice towards none.
It’s not a low fertility rate but rather the failure of public policies to provide sufficient support for parents that is troubling, an economist writes.
Mr. Dougan received 7.8 million Swiss francs, or $8.2 million, for 2012, compared with 5.8 million francs for the previous year, the bank said in its annual report published on Friday.
The G.O.P. thinks it’s always up to the other side to make nice.
As China’s Parliament, the National People’s Congress, opens Tuesday, some are calling for changes to the re-education-through-labor system, which one delegate said causes citizens to “live in fear.”
The British banking group’s results were hit by a $2.3 billion charge in the fourth quarter related to compensation for customers that were inappropriately sold insurance products.
As Brazil and Argentina lose some of their luster, are sub-Saharan African nations on the rise? Billionaire dealmakers want to know.
Four dozen activists were handcuffed and led away while calling on President Obama to reject construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline.
For one thing, big businesses have a larger global footprint, which gives them greater exposure to growth in places like China and Brazil.
Misplaced Republican nostalgia.
Two grim readings.
An economic renaissance in Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Panama and Peru has become the focus in Latin America, and sub-Saharan Africa has also flashed signs of promise.
A summary of what’s on today’s editorial page.
Bucks readers are asked to help provide a progress report that will highlight paid parental leave policies at their employers.
A paper by four economists is the latest to predict that the growing United States government debt burden is unsustainable.
Let’s resolve to develop a clear plan for improving our food system and fight for it. Patiently.
BMW has ambitions for the power plant; plug-in hybrid applications are only one approach.
The average cash bonus for people employed in New York City in the financial industry rose by roughly 9 percent, to $121,900, in 2012, the New York State comptroller said.
The problems at Bank of America have cut down its mortgage ambitions; it accounts for 4 percent of the nation’s mortgage market, a slide from just over 20 percent in 2009, ceding market dominance to Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase.
Morphogenesis, from the Greek words morphê, for shape and genesis, for creation, refers to imitating evolution in developing designs.
Ms. Rice is expected to comment regularly on national and international issues, CBS said.
The Kyrgyz people of the Wakhan Corridor in Afghanistan live a traditional semi-nomadic life in an isolated, inhospitable land. There are no doctors, no trees and no roads, yet photographer Matthieu Paley keeps coming back.
The Federal Reserve said Goldman and JPMorgan would need to resubmit their proposals to pay out billions of dollars to shareholders, citing weaknesses in their capital plans.
Opening in a new country presents an opportunity for growth and revenue, but it is also an opportunity to lose ours shirts.
An improving global economy will boost India’s growth, government predicts.
With warnings about tripping over cans kicked down roads and bungee jumping into abysses, reactions from China to the U.S. “fiscal cliff” budget deal are colorful – and critical.
Is there a way to make genuine debates, in which politicians must do more than just repeat talking points, part of our political culture?
Governors in both parties warned of the potentially damaging consequences across the country if President Obama and Congress do not agree on a plan to avoid across-the-board spending cuts that are scheduled to take effect beginning on Friday.
The Fed chairman has acknowledged that big banks get implicit subsidies, but the market correctly sees through his insistence that those banks will not be bailed out, an economist writes.
On his first book, “Indianomix,” and why things happen the way they do in India.
There are no good alternatives, the author contends. But the longer it takes for Cyprus to recognize how bleak its situation is, the greater the damage.
Being reasonable won’t help.
A summary of what’s on today’s editorial page.
If there’s a lesson from Ford for today’s entrepreneurs, it is this: Don’t stay in charge of the company too long.
A top Chinese climate policy official does the math showing why China will not be sharply cutting greenhouse gas emissions any time soon.
Faced with international regulations that go easy on the big banks, the United States should develop its own tighter rules and be prepared to implement them alone, an economist writes.
Representative Peter Welch introduced legislation that would repeal language passed into law in early January that benefits a California-based biotechnology company, saying the deal “confirms the American public’s worst suspicions of how Congress operates.”
To avoid union opposition, the postwar temp industry exploited cultural ambivalence about middle-class white women’s work. Then it became a model for corporate America.
The Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, made clear in three television appearances that he would oppose any effort by the Obama administration to further increase tax revenue and that he remained focused on finding ways to cut spending as the government grapples with debilitating debt.
The Urban Green Council is calling largely for greater efficiency and common-sense moves to reduce carbon emissions in New York City, where homes and offices release more carbon than motor vehicles.
Keep your eye on the business cycle.
In search of the origins of obtuseness.
On the battlefield, individuals with language skills are rare and highly prized. Once their job is done, however, they do not always receive much protection from the militaries they serve.
Guess who thinks they know what it takes.
The man who insisted that Western philosophy was based in confusion and wishful thinking is not popular among philosophers. But he should not be dismissed.
John Malone’s company has agreed to take over a cable operator that competes with British Sky Broadcasting.
Premier Li Keqiang pledged in his first news conference to fight graft and pollution, but no one expects quick solutions.
It’s over.
Policy decisions that created tax exclusions and implicit subsidies have helped the health sector of the economy grow, an economist writes.
How a dysfunctional Washington delivered the kind of deficit cutting that voters claim to want.
A study of costs imposed by federal regulation suggests they are increasing more quickly than taxes, an economist writes.
The actor, who appears in “Killing Them Softly” and “Argo,” talks to T about his “slow, slow break”
Bank turmoil in Cyprus; worries about the French withdrawal from Mali; new colors for KLM; and an Austrian wins skiing’s World Cup for the second year in a row.
The Fed policy debate is shifting from whether to do more to when to do less, though neither course seems likely soon.
The Lede is following the debate on gun violence in the wake of the shootings in Newtown, Conn., with reports from our correspondents and from around the Web.
What can bond vigilantes do if you borrow in your own currency?
France’s labor unions and businesses reached an agreement to significantly reform the country’s labor laws.
The Mercedes-Benz 2014 CLA250 is a harbinger of an all-new range of small cars designed to compete with the BMW 1 Series and similarly sized small luxury models.
Frugal travel along the Yangtze River, a dad can’t have it all either, answers to questions about paying for college and other consumer-focused news from The New York Times.
Alec Soth discusses his method behind his photographs documenting the oil boom in North Dakota.
The federal minimum wage should be lowered, not raised, so as not to compound the damage it causes, an economist writes.
Our economy won’t come back strong unless it also becomes more fair.
The QX60 is a hybrid version of Infiniti’s seven-passenger luxury crossover.
New York City’s three library systems are trying to do more with less government support, even as circulation and program attendance have increased, a study by the Center for an Urban Future has found.
New light vehicle registrations in the United States in 2013 are expected to rise 6.6 percent over 2012 levels to 15.3 million vehicles.
For no good reason.
The Toyota Prius C tops the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy’s list of greenest cars.
The $500-a-ticket Gallery catered to an exclusive clientele — the target buyers for luxury makers.
President Obama heads into his second term in office with an overall positive approval rating, but the public remains ambivalent about his handling of the economy.
In relation to the economy it supports, the United States banking system is relatively small compared with those of other developed countries, so breaking up banks doesn’t seem justified, the author writes.
The annual financial report released this week by Germany’s Bundesliga shows a league that is the most secure and prosperous in Europe and the world.
JPMorgan Chase once held special sway in Washington, but that status may be fading. | Steven A. Cohen has not let an insider trading investigation – or an elbow – put a stop to his art dealings. | British banks need to raise a combined $38 billion in new capital to protect against future shocks, local authorities said. | The plan to rescue Cyprus is being complicated by a gloomy economic forecast.
Not only is the era of grand bargains over, but the era of basic governance is screeching to a halt.
President Obama’s Inaugural Address was a progressive manifesto of domestic policies.
A suggestion, after Washington’s latest fiscal deal, that liberals and conservatives might do well to spend more time considering what their strategic objectives really are.
Highlights from the newly released transcripts of the Federal Reserve’s meetings in a year when the upheaval in the housing market, financial system and economy became apparent.
A new report from the World Economic Forum recommends that privacy rules focus on how personal data is used rather than restricting its collection. That approach, according to the report, opens the way to an efficient market in data, which promises a host of economic and societal benefits, and could still protect privacy.
Economic growth projections by the O.E.C.D. put Germany well behind the U.S., Britain and much of Asia.
A whole industry of “canners” walk the sidewalks in the wee hours of the morning collecting those castoff empties that can be redeemed for 5 cents each.
Four art critics for The New York Times select artworks from New York museums and discuss the varied use of light.
The I.B.M. study shows that buyers will increasingly select their new cars based on the digital gadgetry they contain.
For new businesses, the regulatory path to crowdfunding — Internet-based financing that involves ordinary investors — is still far from clear.
Can a damaged democracy be saved from its elite?
Even though regulators are required by the new health care law to review requests for a large rate increases, many states have not given the overseers any authority to deny or roll back rates that are deemed excessive.
Foreign lenders say Greece has fallen short of its tax collection targets and is still not moving hard enough to tackle widespread, long-tolerated tax evasion.
Companies like Apple have drawn scrutiny because of their penchant for shifting profits overseas, resulting in low American tax bills.
Thais, who often mix superstition with a proclivity for fun, play the underground lottery with numbers gleaned from calamity, believing that disaster can beget good fortune.
Four months after cab rates were raised, ridership remains about the same but the percentage given as a gratuity to drivers has fallen.
Matthew Bourne’s reimagining of “Sleeping Beauty,” which runs through Jan. 26 at Sadler’s Wells, opens the action in 1890, the year of the ballet’s creation.
Transocean, the driller whose Deepwater Horizon rig blew out in 2010 to cause a massive oil spill, agreed to a resolution of the federal government’s civil and criminal claims.
Over the last decade, the nation’s capital has been the great American boomtown, courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer. What happens when the government money dries up?
After traveling the globe, from Congo to Patagonia, where does Paul Theroux still want to go?
“Obama would like to reach peace in the Middle East and has to be convinced that Israel agrees with this,” Shimon Peres says. “Of course, he’s not convinced.”
Officials could not say for sure whether the low growth reflected the start of a trend or the continuing effects of the recession.
In his work Mr. Shapiro examined his life as a man, a husband, a father and a Jew.
A Chinese company plans to demolish a century-old mining village to make way for an enormous copper mine, but many residents have resisted, staging marches and other protests.
As the film “56 Up” shows, closeness is important to our generation, whether here or in Britain.
Critics of Leung Chun-ying, the city’s chief executive, have accused him of misleading the public on a controversial real estate issue, but he has appeared to retain the support of Beijing.
The Senate easily passed the measure, which also put off cuts in spending, early on Tuesday after the deadline on the so-called fiscal cliff had passed. Republican House aides said a vote Tuesday was possible.
“Water by the Spoonful,” the Pulitzer Prize-winning play by Quiara Alegría Hudes, at the Second Stage Theater, is a moving collage of lives in crisis.
A sluggish housing market that has worsened with France’s weakened economy.
Development is offering hope for a new relationship between Kent, Ohio, and Kent State University, where four students died in the Vietnam War era.
Syria’s Kurds have mostly escaped direct conflict in the country’s civil war, but with rebel units pushing east toward the Kurdish heartland, this may not remain the case.
State Senator Dean G. Skelos of New York indicated a new willingness to back not only a higher minimum wage, but also college aid for illegal immigrants’ children.
The battle between fans and foes of oil exploration is being acted out with the greatest intensity in the fight over the proposed Keystone XL pipeline, which would stretch from Canada to the Texas Gulf Coast.
The governor’s State of the State address was subtler than the one he gave two years ago, when he was setting up for a presidential run, but it was still political.
Egyptians in Tahrir Square protested against the Muslim Brotherhood, and the military is said to have deployed armored vehicles in Suez on Saturday to restore security.
Was GS Yuasa, the Japanese company that made the Dreamliner’s lithium-ion battery, chosen based on merit or a quid pro quo arrangement?
The deliberations over the Emancipation Proclamation built the leadership backbone of Abraham Lincoln, and offer huge lessons for modern executives.
With a premium being placed on international experience,  

job training becomes the focus of the summer study abroad program.
When a cubicle is the classroom, who is grading the companies? Research suggests many colleges are ignoring their oversight responsibilities.
A proposal by Dave Camp of the House Ways and Means Committee would change the way derivatives are taxed and the way capital gains are calculated.
Cardinal Glemp helped steer his nation through a historic and relatively peaceful transition from communism to democracy in 1989.
Supporters say that if the gay marriage bill gets to the Senate, it would pass, but opponents are skeptical and state senators are being lobbied heavily by both sides.
Prices in Gibraltar fall, but less than the big drops in the Spanish market.
There is a modernizing Russia and a retrograde Russia, and the West must learn to deal with each.
A once-beloved Kentucky high school team fights to regain glory.
Where banks rode out the recession, public trust in banking institutions is stable, a new survey says. But in European countries, that trust plunged and has not recovered.
Ambitious experiments in collecting revenue that are taking place at the state level could shape the national approach on taxes.
Nigerians are brought up to believe that some are born to own and enjoy, while others are born to toil and endure.
In the field of education, Conrad Wolfram, who founded ComputerBasedMath.org, is known for his campaign to change the way mathematics are taught in schools.
An Iranian construction company contended that a check for nearly $70 million in Venezuelan currency found in the carry-on bag of a former economy minister had a mundane purpose.
Like an overwhelming number of Greeks, we are fighting to keep our dignity and avoid the despair enveloping our country.
The story of Salam Fayyad, the Palestinian prime minister, is a case study in wasted opportunity.
The 0.6 percent decline in G.D.P. during the fourth quarter means the euro zone has effectively been in recession since 2011.
After the debate.
Mr. Bald on his recent book “Bengali Harlem and the Lost Histories of South Asian America” and his plans to turn it into a documentary.
A Century Foundation report shows a sharp increase in enrollment of lower-income, nonwhite students at community colleges, institutions that will do much to shape the economy.
After an optimistic prediction for growth this week, a look back at past council projections.
Racing to invest in Indonesia; France approves marriage for same-sex couples; worries about Al Qaeda in Nigeria; worldwide fame for a bakery in Alsace; and bigger prizes at Wimbledon.
Strange arguments against fiscal expansion.
Women’s increasing role in Syria’s conflict; questions about the overhaul of Indonesia’s military; new Auschwitz prosecutions; oil in Kurdistan; and a dramatic end to Malaga’s Champions League appearance.
India and the United States need to build upon the success of the civil nuclear deal and work toward the next defining moment.
A back-of-the-envelope exercise in valuing the Hangzhou-based e-commerce giant should it seek to go public.
The British bank Barclays said on Wednesday that first-quarter pretax profit dropped 25 percent as it set aside money to pay for a major overhaul of its operations.
Whether you are living in Pakistan or abroad, join a discussion of what the most important issues are in the country’s general election this weekend.
Sprint Nextel’s path to recovery has been complicated by Dish Network. | Google is close to a deal to acquire Waze. | Experts were trying to explain the steep sell-off in bonds in recent weeks. | A new Securities and Exchange Commission official may have to navigate possible conflicts.
Was shutting down an entire city last week really a good idea?
Warren Buffett’s $5.6 billion bet on NV Energy in Nevada suggests he is coming up short on decent ways to deploy his cash.
JPMorgan Chase said on Friday that its first-quarter profit rose 33 percent to $6.5 billion. | Prosecutors filed insider trading charges against Scott I. London, a former senior executive at the accounting giant KPMG. | Joh. A. Benckiser agreed to pay $9.8 billion for D.E Master Blenders 1753, a European coffee company. | Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss have built up a sizable position in bitcoins.
A new study looks at why the divide between rich and poor nations remains so large in an age when technologies spread so much more quickly.
Morgan Stanley posts a first-quarter profit of $1 billion. | Rising profits may turn out to be a source of discomfort for banks. | A top Barclays executive, Rich Ricci, is stepping down. | Stephen A. Feinberg has emerged as a possible buyer of the gun maker Freedom Group.
For the second time in a week, the head of the Church of England has aired critical views about the British economy and the banking crisis. Some suggest that, as a former businessman, the Right Rev. Justin Welby might be worth listening to.
Small farms see massive increase in crop yields using a new, fertilizer-free growing method.
After heightened anticipation about a possible pullback from stimulus, here is how the Fed’s latest policy statement and Ben S. Bernanke’s news conference unfolded.
Political news from today’s Times, plus a look at the weekly addresses and the latest happenings in Washington.
The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association announced that Judd A. Gregg, a former Republican senator from New Hampshire, would become the group’s chief executive.
The May jobs report appears to show little change in the general economic picture, and for Wall Street that’s not a bad thing.
In the last three months, the federal work force has shrunk by about 45,000 positions, including 14,000 in May alone.
A 2010 paper argued that countries with heavy debt loads tended to experience slower rates of growth. A new study argues that the paper was flawed, in part because of calculation errors.
The monthly employment report due Friday may be disappointing — because of strange weather, the sequester and a pattern in initial data releases of understating changes in the numbers.
Best of long-form journalism this week.
Daniel K. Tarullo, a governor at the Federal Reserve, described a measure aimed at requiring the biggest banks to hold extra capital. Many might prefer to become smaller banks instead.
The market turmoil of recent weeks is affecting a range of companies seeking to go public. | Heads of Wall Street firms cheered the Supreme Court decision on gay marriage. | The Securities and Exchange Commission plans to test a new policy of requiring admissions of wrongdoing, according to a report. | States and cities are learning that the days of easy money are coming to an end.
Invest, divest, and grow.
The recent spurt in bank business lending is starting to flash some warning signs. The concern is that banks are making loans to businesses at rates that are so low that they may end up being unprofitable for the lenders.
Citigroup agreed on Thursday to sell its consumer banking business in Turkey to the local lender DenizBank as it continues to reduce its operations outside of the United States.
More power for women is inevitable, and a very good thing, an economist writes.
From GM to Apple.
Silicon Valley and several small companies and nonprofits are working to increase the number of women in the technology industry by teaching teenage girls how to write computer code.
The Fed versus fiscal policy.
Volkswagen will give its German factory workers more pay, and Henrik Fisker may be trying to get his company back.
Political techniques may have changed, but lobbyists still deliver a terrific return on investment.
The Federal Reserve causes global ripples; extremism among Myanmar Buddhists; wary foreign investment in Russia; and a Czech hockey player keeps his countrymen up at night.
To ease Chinese antitrust concerns, Glencore said it would sell a Peruvian copper mine owned by Xstrata. Glencore also said Mick Davis would step down as chief executive of Xstrata as soon as the takeover was completed.
A Dutch reporter in Cairo spent Monday night in jail after the owner of a cafe detained her on suspicion of “spreading European culture” and endangering Egypt’s national security by looking for subjects to interview.
Gold prices tumbled 9 percent on Monday, the sharpest drop in 30 years, as stocks and other commodities also felt the impact of a disappointing report on Chinese growth.
The heir apparent of the Congress Party gave the most candid speech of his political career to date.
G.M. boasts 24 m.p.g. highway fuel economy on its new EcoTec3 V-6-equipped rear-wheel-drive pickup trucks.
DealBook is on the ground in Omaha to cover Berkshire Hathaway’s annual shareholder meeting, where tens of thousands of investors have gathered to listen to Warren E. Buffett speak
In the latest victory for France’s most jealously protected sparkling wine, Chinese authorities have agreed that only the real thing is allowed to be called Champagne.
Mr. Godrej offers advice on achieving high economic growth, winning investors’ confidence and more.
A county in Alabama took a big step toward resolving its bankruptcy. | Regulators are preparing for an important vote on the money market fund industry. | Obama’s planned F.B.I. nominee could offer a peek at the largest hedge fund in the world. | Patent rights are set to be publicly traded on a new exchange.
HSBC and Standard Chartered were fined for funneling illicit money, rather than indicted.
Marie Bigham, a veteran college counselor, and Mark Kantrowitz, an expert on paying for college, answer select reader questions about where to enroll. Part 5.
This isn’t hard, folks.
By tying up the White House with short-term matters, Congress is making it impossible to discuss the big issues that will determine the country’s economic prospects.
It’s always sunny in Ireland.
Card companies are competing aggressively for customers who have excellent credit.
President Obama plans to meet President Xi Jinping of China next month for the first time since Mr. Xi’s installation as the Chinese leader, as the two men try to address critical issues like North Korea, the global economy and allegations of state-sponsored cyber attacks.
The old stuff doesn’t work anymore. And that’s why I want to hire people who are trying to create new things.
The transactions that have come under a spotlight are valid and effective tools for banks to reduce risk while enabling them to continue to run their core businesses, which are at the heart of the economic recovery, the author contends.
Forecasting, not modeling.
The argument that higher capital requirements would damage banks remains unproven, an economist writes.
The United Progressive Alliance touted an average 8 percent annual growth rate as one of its major achievements in eight of the nine years it has been in power.
Ms. Slaughter replaces Steve Coll, whose five-year tenure at the foundation is soon ending.
Morgan Stanley has agreed to sell its Indian wealth management unit to the British bank Standard Chartered for an undisclosed amount.
We asked chefs, scientists, chief executives and others to tell us the invention they crave.
Very bad policy.
In three regions — the upper Midwest, New England and the area around Washington — the job market for younger adults is considerably stronger than in the rest of the country.
Doctrines work or they don’t.
A provision forcing members of Congress to get their health insurance under the exchanges set up by the Affordable Care Act may prompt them to make such coverage too attractive, and ultimately weaken the system, an economist writes.
Chevrolet has announced pricing for its SS performance sedan and Bonhams auction house says it had its best Greenwich sale ever over the weekend.
Political coverage over the last week has focused on a series of stories that reflect negatively on the executive branch, but President Obama’s approval ratings have held steady.
In the past, the Securities and Exchange Commission relied mainly on the market to flag accounting problems at companies that would lead to an investigation. Now, it is devising new programs to be more proactive.
Austerity USA.
Street traffic is exploding in Cambodia. And no one can keep up.
Political news from today’s Times and a look at the latest happenings in Washington.
Fixed-income revenue fell 27 percent at the Jefferies Group in the second quarter, the firm reported Monday, sending a shiver through Wall Street that others will report weak bond-trading results.
New leaks indicate U.S. and British eavesdropping; Turkey cracks down on protests; debating the right to be forgotten; Japanese women in science; and high expectations for a young Brazilian soccer player.
Feel the adjustment!
Ms. Grieder’s new book analyzes the Lone Star state’s past, present and future.
European Union aid to Egypt has amounted to the equivalent of $1.35 billion in recent years. But, according to the alliance’s own auditors, much of the money is unaccounted for.
A collection of links from the reporters and editors of the Dining section.
Inequality, in terms of both income and wealth, has widened since the recession, and some attribute the gap at least in part to the Federal Reserve’s efforts to revive the economy.
As part of a 600-page report, the British parliamentary commission on banking standards is urging new laws that would make it a criminal offense to recklessly mismanage local financial institutions.
Mr. Modi has won over the business community and the middle class with promises of encouraging private and foreign capital and focusing on fast growth rates.
Gee, why didn’t our economic fantasies work?
A summary of what’s on today’s editorial page.
The Volkswagen Group vies for the world’s top position as Porsche unveils a plug-in hybrid Panamera.
How it all went wrong.
If your prediction was wrong, it must be Obama’s fault.
Both the archbishop of Canterbury and the British spy services issued scathing assessments of Prime Minister David Cameron’s handling of the economy.
A new study from the Kaiser Family Foundation helps sort out how much of the recent moderation in health care costs is related to causes other than the economy.
Deutsche Bank’s stock rose on Tuesday on expectations that a $3.87 billion share sale would clear the way for higher dividend payments.
Pondering immigrant progress as the Senate debates immigration reform.
N.H.T.S.A. will sit down with critics of its handling of the Chrysler recall, and New York legislators table a bill that could affect Tesla’s business in the state.
In his budget, President Obama should have made a stronger case for what he would like to accomplish, then found the means to pay for it, an economist writes.
The Great Recession has been a disaster for the employment prospects of the young, but the story is quite different at the other end of the life cycle.
Rockets hit southern Beirut; Greece struggles to untangle land ownership; Ai Weiwei depicts his detention; a winner at Cannes; a German wins the Monaco Grand Prix 30 years after his father; Serena Williams en français.
Plain ordinary macro has worked fine.
In theory, our tax system tries to trace the value of a product to its economic roots. For Apple’s design and marketing, the roots are in the United States, the author writes.
Inflation is sticky, it seems.
Morgan Stanley reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of $1 billion, or 50 cents a share, but share prices fell to their lowest level since January.
Dell begins its official campaign to support a proposed $24.4 billion sale. | Lloyds Banking to a sell $5 billion in real estate-backed securities. | Would-be masters of the universe learn spreadsheet modeling at ‘boot camps.’
To understand the Chinese economy, it also helps to pay attention to changes in Chinese politics.
By the accounts of many economic studies, an increase in immigration is likely to leave most American workers better off.
Europe on U.S. surveillance; the meaning of Taksim Square; business hopes in Myanmar; and tennis showdown in Paris.
At their core, are America’s problems primarily economic or moral?
As China buys strategic assets around the world and flexes its commercial muscle, will Western countries increasingly have to play by Beijing’s statist rules? Do these threaten democracies?
The Bugatti Veyron Supersport was dethroned by the Guinness Book of World Records as the world’s fastest production car.
Hassan Rouhani, a moderate cleric, injected some passion into Iran’s presidential race on Monday when he showed a flash of anger during an interview on state television.
He also advises on nonmeh footwear for toddlers.
At Hermès on Saturday night, Veronique Nichanian managed to hit all of this year’s fashion notes without breaking a sweat.
The covert data miners at the National Security Agency stole the thunder of the more predictable number crunchers at the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Structural and cultural weaknesses mean India’s future economic growth rests on a shaky foundation.
The Detroit police caught thieves trying to steal hundreds of gallons of gasoline, and Justin Bieber has been spotted driving a leopard-print-covered Audi R8.
Political news from today’s Times, a look at the weekly party addresses and the latest happenings in Washington.
Doom at 90, and other misconceptions.
Brooks and Collins compare cooperation among animals in the wild to cooperation among politicians in Washington.
The recent sell-off in bonds has hit hard in the municipal market, forcing governments to pay higher interest rates for crucial infrastructure projects.
High rents are not detracting from Hong Kong’s ability to lure high-end retailers, especially with a flood of mainland Chinese shoppers spending heavily in the city.
Seeking an Exit From Uranium | Citi, Rewriting the Rules | Bausch & Lomb Is Sold for $8.7 Billion | Club Med’s Future
A Senate panel questioned Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, and other Apple executives about how Apple sidestepped tens of billions of dollars in taxes.
Ferrari expands its museum to include Formula One racecars and cinematic history, and Fiat revives the limited Gucci edition of the 500.
The influence of Tiananmen on China’s elite; harsh treatment continues for Roma in France; the expansion of the Venice Biennale; and worries about the America’s Cup sailing race.
The United States has always benefited from immigration and will continue to do so, an economist writes.
One of the world’s largest food companies offered its support on Wednesday for changes to the way the United States provides food aid to developing countries, adding critical agribusiness backing for President Obama’s overhaul plans.
The leader of the Church of England said London bankers were disconnected and entitled.
As corruption allegations again engulf the scandal-tainted Congress Party, calls for India’s prime minister to step down are increasing.
The question of how to measure the dollar gap between classes in America has economists riled up.
Majorities agree with his policy positions, but give him tepid marks overall.
In part two of a series, an owner explains how he concluded that his sales process had gone off the tracks and that he needed to do something about it.
The White House unveils a long-awaited plan to cut carbon pollution along with risks from unavoidable warming.
Investors and entrepreneurs say that economic conditions in Brazil are difficult, but that long-term prospects remain highly favorable.
Related Companies and Oxford Property Group announced that they had completed the financing for a 47-story office tower and signed up three tenants for the building: Coach, L’Oreal USA and SAP.
The movement to emancipate Turkish women through secularization in the 1920s was just a first step in achieving gender equality. It’s time observant religious women also benefited.
In an amended prospectus on Tuesday, SeaWorld Entertainment said it planned to sell 20 million shares at $24 to $27 apiece.
An International Monetary Fund report paints a picture of a tepid American economy, a situation that would be better if not for policy mistakes and misplaced priorities, an economist writes.
The Federal Reserve has been effective in holding inflation to a target. But it is not clear whether fighting inflation and fostering job creation can be effectively pursued in tandem.
Amid a rejiggering of the company’s branding, Lincoln is focusing as much on its cars’ features as it is upon customer service.
During the recent awards season, Latin American photographers have proven themselves to be formidable competitors on the international stage.
Just when the wealthy will pay their taxes is something of a mystery and complicates Treasury planning, an economist writes.
NEW YORK — As global markets tumbled and the Dow Jones Industrial Average headed for what could be its biggest percentage decline of the year, Rendezvous editor, Marcus Mabry, sat down with Nelson Schwartz and Nathaniel Popper, New York Times business reporters, to find out why.
Challenging Google; Merkel, Putin, and NGOs; Latin in Finland; fashion’s new stripes; Margaret Thatcher and the arts; and Djokovic’s ankle.
Mr. Rhee on how India could improve upon delivery of public services and reduce poverty.
North Korea on Tuesday urged foreigners to consider leaving the South, saying it did not want to see them “fall victim to the war.”
After hitting a snag last week, negotiations in the Senate for an agricultural worker program appear to be coming back from the brink.
A leader who transformed Britain by pushing the nation in new directions.
As a new Museum of Modern Art show reveals Claes Oldenburg’s early, pre-Pop Art work, he speaks about the times in which that work was made.
Like Europe today, Mexico three decades ago tried deep budget cuts and other measures to deal with debt, but a U-turn by creditors finally turned the tide.
In World War II, the country produced the feared Mitsubishi Zero fighter planes. Today, the same company is working on a regional jet that it hopes will propel it into the industry’s big leagues.
The two-day effort by the Treasury secretary, Jacob J. Lew, to persuade Europe to reconsider its commitment to austerity met with courteous but firm rejection.
Time to supersize your bean burger and sweet potato fries.
One woman’s crusade to spread the gospel of meat.
The editor of an influential Communist Party journal had called China’s alliance with North Korea “outdated” in an article for a British newspaper.
The view from Berlin, set out by a range of policy makers who spoke on condition of anonymity, is that Germany has a unique responsibility for the survival of the single currency.
Breeders says current oversight is constraining the multimillion-dollar industry, but environmentalists say it has overstepped its bounds by shifting toward the commercial hunting industry.
In her book “Gulp,” Mary Roach takes a rollicking and ruminative journey through the digestive tract, with side trips to meet its bodily cousins.
A study of past returns from the Standard & Poor’s 500 suggests that the index’s recent highs should not discourage investors.
Europe needs to address risks in other financial hubs like Luxembourg and Malta, which have banking systems much bigger than their economies.
Viewed as a whole, the European stock market appears to have turned a corner, but some top  stocks are expensive and individual nations’ markets have taken divergent paths.
“Big, Hot, Cheap and Right: What America Can Learn from the Strange Genius of Texas” by Erica Greider, counters stereotypes about the state and explains why its economy is thriving.
An ambitious project would route water from Turkey using an experimental technology: a pipeline in the Mediterranean Sea.
A steep devaluation in the Egyptian pound, and the lack of hard currency, makes it harder to import expensive drugs because the law requires them to be resold at a fixed price.
What spending $638,412 on Gucci clothing means to Buzz Bissinger, the Pulitzer Prize winner, and to a few observers.
Portugal’s prime minister warned on Sunday that additional spending cuts were needed after a court struck down some austerity measures agreed to for a bailout two years ago.
Leaving the single currency would devastate Cyprus's wealth, fuel inflation, lead to default and leave the country friendless in a troubled neighborhood.
Central Americans fleeing crime and economic stagnation are flowing freely across Mexico’s southern border and causing a spike in migration to the United States.
The current energy revolution will be a boon to America’s economy, but it will in no way allow the United States to turn its back on the rest of the world.
While the austerity doctrine seems to have imploded, austerity has strengthened its grip on elite opinion. Why?
Manufacturing is making a comeback in Brooklyn. Have you seen the Spuni?
In today’s hyperconnected world, we all have to learn much more about investing in ourselves in order to succeed.
Officials are cracking down on the abuse of privileges that come with a military license plate, in a bid to address public anger at the army.
The Spanish market is in turmoil, and house prices are buyer-friendly.
Politicians have been taking more swings at President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his handling of the economy weeks before the election to pick a successor.
Antitax groups seem to be losing their influence, as Republican lawmakers’ constituents support legislation that would require Internet retailers to collect sales taxes.
With its revenue from commodities slipping, Indonesia is pushing to draw more tourists, but it faces obstacles including poor infrastructure and concerns about safety.
The share of Americans holding jobs has failed to improve much over the last three years, but Federal Reserve officials show little interest in expanding their stimulus campaign.
Mr. Slutzky and his brother founded the Hunter Mountain ski resort in upstate New York, which was known for its celebrity clientele and snow-making cannons.
The wealth gap might still be growing, experts said, further dimming the prospects for economic advancement for current and future generations of nonwhite Americans.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has pledged to curb patronage, but many of his allies have found jobs at New York’s economic development agency, including some with little experience.
The contentious plan would dismiss 15,000 civil servants by the end of next year as part of a new package of economic measures.
President Obama has nominated Howard Shelanski, the top economist at the Federal Trade Commission, to direct the White House office overseeing all federal regulations.
Experts say a seat in business class is worth the cost if working while aloft is critical.
On May Day in Havana, among the throngs of state employees marching was a novel and increasingly favored breed: private entrepreneurs and employees.
A court ruling and continuing budgetary difficulties have left Portugal’s government to reduce spending where it can — including in its education system, already one of the weakest in Europe.
At a farewell party for the French ambassador to Afghanistan, the guest of honor let the diplomatic mask slip to talk about the country’s future.
President Obama said he would nominate Anthony R. Foxx to succeed Ray LaHood as transportation secretary, in charge of the nation’s roads, bridges and airports.
As President Obama prepares to help dedicate the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum on Thursday, he embarks on an awkward ritual.
Reed Hastings, the video streaming giant’s chief executive, offered a rare public comment on his company’s 2011 Qwikster debacle, which nearly destroyed it, and its improbable rebound.
European officials who favored austerity have adopted a softer tone, backing away from a strategy that is widely unpopular with the public.
Rewriting the rules of engagement between companies, countries and shareholders might help avoid what some people see as corporate practices that are harmful to the wider community.
Nicolás Maduro, the handpicked protégé of Hugo Chávez, won an unexpectedly close race for the presidency. His rival demanded a recount.
German abandonment of the euro and return to the Deutsche mark is now a serious possibility. The euro experiment is failing.
Hosni Mubarak, Egypt’s former president, appeared to display new confidence in court, or perhaps a certain schadenfreude, as he appeared at a hearing to open his retrial.
In Barcelona, Albert and Ferran Adrià open Pakta, their first new space since closing El Bulli.
A dozen Libyans from grassroots, pro-democracy groups attended sessions in Madrid this month on Spain’s post-dictatorial transition to democracy.
President Obama used his spending plan to sketch out an economic future for the United States built on manufacturing, education, alternative energy, infrastructure and science.
Payroll taxes need to be flushed out into the open to expose their regressive effect.
Small companies that do business abroad need to employ some of the same strategies that big companies do.
One of China's biggest international enterprises is undergoing an unusual, American-style search for a successor to its founder.
Automatic federal budget cuts are playing havoc with emergency unemployment benefits.
Online security has come to mean protecting our entire way of life.
The proposal has business leaders and national advocacy groups concerned about how the changes might affect academic achievement in Texas, particularly for low-income and minority students.
Private-sector employment is growing at about the same rate it did during the best days of the last decade. But the government continues to shed workers.
A business owner responds to reader questions about his plan to share profits with his employees — and promises to report back if the plan fails.
It is now difficult for even the most bullish of China analysts to argue that the economy is not in very difficult straits.
The Environmental Protection Agency headquarters building was renamed for President Bill Clinton.
Marc Andersen, an Ernst & Young partner, said he doesn’t think American entrepreneurs are spoiled: “It’s just part of the DNA of never being satisfied.”
Leasing of business equipment declines. E-mail marketing isn’t improving. Is the out-of-office auto-response message dying?
The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Monday’s selections feature an odd tale of how the Secret Service established and operated a counterfeiting factory to catch cyber criminals, and an essay about why the social media generation never really breaks up with one another.
Five years ago, the government abandoned Lehman Brothers to its fate. Was that a mistake, or did it help bring the financial crisis under control?
Walmart’s sales disappoint. How to get a business loan. And what “Breaking Bad” gets right about the meth business.
Optimism rises. The Pebble disappoints. Is Europe’s recession over?
The optimistic view that increased foreign trade benefits everyone works only if winners fully compensate losers, and so far they have shown little desire to do so , an economist writes.
Family-friendly socialism and its discontents — and the lessons thereof for America.
The deficit will fall to $759 billion for the fiscal year that ends this September, a $214 billion improvement from the projection made in March.
Admissions test scores aside, a study finds a huge difference in the completion rate of those who attend a selective college and those who attend an open-access college.
S.& P. has been giving higher ratings than its big rivals to certain mortgage-backed securities just as Wall Street is eagerly trying to revive the market for these investments, according to an analysis conducted for The Times.
Popular automotive colors have changed over the years, but we have settled firmly into the lackluster trio of white, black and silver.
Concern over global warming has spurred students to dust off investment choice as a weapon in their campaign. But whether it will be as effective this time is another matter.
Booms are alike, busts differ.
Who will prosper in the new, increasingly automated world?
A program doing what it’s supposed to do.
On Thursday at the Visa Pour l’Image festival in Perpignan, France, a Getty Images Grant for editorial photography was awarded to Eugene Richards — allowing him to expand on his work documenting Iraq war veterans in the United States — and others.
The question of what other central banks are supposed to do about the Fed cutting its extraordinary asset purchases dominated the formal agenda here at the Kansas City Fed’s annual monetary policy conference. The answers were surprisingly mellow.
Research shows that big businesses may benefit consumers, and the harm from monopoly power may be exaggerated, an economist writes.
The bank is under investigation in Philadelphia and California and is accused of flouting federal laws with its sale of subprime mortgage securities.
The Honda Civic Tourer is a wagon that will be available in Europe only, and Norway’s prime minister poses as a cabdriver as part of a campaign stunt.
In his Driven review for The Times, Tom Voelk finds the full-size sedan holds its own against rivals like the Toyota Avalon and Chevrolet Impala.
Hyperinflation and soaring rates!
The bankruptcy cases of cities and automakers, and the threat to use eminent domain to write down mortgage values, may make it harder and more expensive for American consumers to borrow, an economist writes.
Banco Santander said Tuesday that its second quarter profit jumped to 1.1 billion euros, as the Spanish bank benefited from a fall in charges connected to delinquent loans.
In Vietnam’s ongoing transition to capitalism, there’s more to McDonald’s arrival than just attracting foreign investment.
Apparently everyone inside the Beltway knows what isn’t so.
If successful, the Hilton initial public offering would be a powerful vindication of Blackstone’s real estate strategy and prove that even some seemingly doomed deals can yield generous returns given enough time.
In Silicon Valley, control by a company’s founder does not always translate into long-term success. | In Nokia deal, Microsoft is taking inspiration from Apple’s product strategy. | Vikram S. Pandit is betting on an upstart lender. | Two former Bear Stearns managers have won a fresh legal victory.
Bad estimates of output gaps can do a lot of harm.
Austerity: It feels so good when you stop.
President Obama is right to assert that reducing income inequality will help spur growth, an economist writes.
Home sales fall. Mortgage applications fall. How to make employees work harder.
Economists who have studied the issue tend to agree that more immigration is better for the Social Security system, at least for many years to come, but that the effect is small.
How depressed is the economy?
The Affordable Care Act will disrupt and distort labor markets in a variety of ways, an economist writes.
Food policy can make us healthy or it can make us sick.
Real damage is being done.
Republican lawmakers have a bold plan for summer recess: staging fake meetings with prescreened, softball questions.
Amid all the ambient chauvinism, few Egyptians are questioning the military’s actions or intentions.
HSBC, Britain’s largest bank, said earnings rose 10 percent in the first half of the year, to $14.07 billion, thanks in part to lower charges for bad loans, especially in the United States.
Four Seasons Hotels plans to open a property in Seoul in 2015.
In its defense against a Justice Department lawsuit, Standard & Poor’s argues that it was improperly targeted because it lowered the credit rating on federal debt two years ago. How far it will get with that argument is an open question.
While the time costs of preparing meals at home can be high, these costs go way down when cooking for several people at a time, an economist writes.
Regulators argue that Steven A. Cohen knew about and took part in suspicious trading activity at SAC. | A maneuver by financial players adds a fraction of a penny to the price of aluminum cans. | The governing Liberal Democrats in Japan secured a landslide victory in parliamentary elections. | A revelation in Detroit illustrates a broader debate over pension math.
Volkswagen said it would bring a performance diesel-powered Golf to North America in 2015, and American automakers try to keep tariffs on Japan for an additional 25 to 30 years.
The Treasury secretary spoke to John Harwood about extending government funding past Sept. 30, dealing with the so-called budget sequester and raising the federal debt limit.
Scientists who were once invited to Google to discussion climate science communication now communicate their anger about the company’s fund-raiser for Senator James Inhofe.
Another blow to dozens of businesses on the Jersey Shore. Updates on the looming financial crises. And a Home Depot wedding proposal.
A conversation with Paul Sabin, author of a new book on a storied 1980 wager over the prospect of overpopulation — and the applications for the current debate over global warming.
Unemployment rate falls. Lessons learned from bootstrapping. Are our things spying on us?
Alcoa, Bank of America and Hewlett-Packard — three stalwarts of corporate America that have fallen out of favor lately with investors — will be removed from the Dow Jones industrial average, to be replaced by Goldman Sachs, Visa and Nike.
Morgan Stanley’s adjusted second-quarter earnings narrowly beat analysts’ estimates. | A special committee of Dell’s directors may delay a vote on the company’s proposed sale. | JPMorgan Chase is trying to avoid a showdown over accusations that it manipulated energy prices. | Nelson Peltz urges a merger of PepsiCo and Mondelez International.
Shorter hours or part-time work can be preferable for those dealing with family care and household duties, but such jobs needn’t represent second-class work, an economist writes.
The question for the Fed is whether a good-but-not-great quarter and months of moderate job gains are sufficient to tighten monetary policy, or simply the best such policy can produce, an economist writes.
Solving start-up challenges. Businesses someone else should start. Foursquare’s tips versus Yelp’s reviews.
It’s the economists, stupid.
Allowing the nation’s largest banks to own physical commodities increases both their power and their potential to disrupt the economy, an economist writes.
On being wrong again and again and again and again and ….
John A. Paulson, whose company has never before bought another company outright, said he was always enamored with Steinway pianos.
Only one in three Americans has confidence in the Federal Reserve’s ability to promote economic growth.
Bankers and lawyers said banks competed to see who could hire the most politically connected recent college graduates.
Extended Stay, a hotel chain owned by three investment firms, filed on Monday for an initial public offering. The I.P.O. would be the latest deal to test investors’ willingness to bet on a recovery in real estate.
Back to the macro future.
Right on housing, but we all missed a lot of other things.
Yes, it can be done.
Chief financial officers are more optimistic. A report says small businesses are particularly vulnerable to climate change. But for one fishmonger, business still stinks. Do you pay your interns?
Suffering must not be alleviated!
The tax code would be fairer if homeowners were taxed as landlords on their own property, which would equalize the tax treatment of all investments, including in one’s own home, an economist writes.
Is it worth the time it takes to pursue the work?
Looking for takers in all the wrong places.
Integrating Twitter and television. Managing technical and creative types. Restaurant sales decline. And why you need a nap!
A new report finds that incomes are down since the recovery began, especially for the young and those nearing retirement. These groups have suffered from the recession in other ways, too.
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial, one of Japan’s largest banks, plans to buy up to 75 percent of the Thai lender Bank of Ayudhya for around $5.6 billion.
New York is not America.
The firm’s shares rose more than 4 percent after it announced strong second-quarter gains and the Fed’s approval to repurchase $500 million worth of its stock.
The Affordable Care Act will make part-time employment more attractive to many workers, an economist writes.
New evidence explains why the Netherlands tried to get freedmen to colonize Suriname.
The artist, who documented the jet-set lifestyle in Manhattan and Paris before succumbing to AIDS in 1988, is the subject of an auction, window displays and a new book.
Without an earlier manufacturing boom, India is now bereft of companies that can build the things its builders need.
Live updates on the shootings at a naval headquarters in Washington that killed 13 people, including the gunman and a police officer.
New studies from Denmark and Britain find that older people are getting healthier and experiencing less dementia.
Ronald Coase, in his research and theories, found in labor unions many of the qualities valued by his more liberal colleagues, an economist writes.
Federal authorities are poised to level criminal charges against SAC Capital Advisors. | Yahoo seems like damaged goods now that it has been abandoned by Daniel S. Loeb, the Deal Professor writes. | A witness in the trial of Fabrice P. Tourre described the difficulty of knowing who was betting against a complicated mortgage deal.
A $92 quadrillion glitch. Manufacturing is sexy again. The case for paying your people more. And are you prepared to fail?
Fall in the rupee will benefit Indian companies with overseas arms as it will increase the dividend amount that comes into the coffers of the Indian parent.
British retailers, hotels and ceramic factories are betting on the arrival of the royal baby to improve the otherwise gloomy economic situation.
Beware the indirect effects.
The universal banking model is under attack by regulators, but Deutsche Bank seems determined to keep its two-track focus of branch network and investment bank.
In the last few days, the three big American bond-trading firms – JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs – all reported second-quarter financial results that were helped by healthy bond trading revenue.
The forgotten French advantage.
Senator Elizabeth Warren and Senator John McCain are sponsoring a 21st-century version of the Glass-Steagall Act from the 1930s, to break up large banks.
A. Scott Berg discusses his new biography of Woodrow Wilson.
Mr. Parrikar describes the 2002 Gujarat riots as an administrative failure and claims that unlike his Bharatiya Janata Party colleague Narendra Modi, who governs Gujarat State, he would not have let it happen.
The volatility in Egypt is mitigated by the millions of ordinary people who have learned to take things one day at a time.
Yes, we are Japan.
The effortlessly elegant singer-songwriter and former First Lady of France shares her tips for formal dressing, healthy skin and more.
The stone rolls down again and again.
A reading selection to mark the season’s end.
No, but that hasn’t stopped Republicans from pretending that’s the case.
With India’s gross domestic product growth crashing from 8 percent over the last few years to 4.4 percent in the latest quarter, many areas like foreign aid and development may see a cash crunch.
As Gurgaon swells, a farming village morphs into a small town.
If Turkey’s prime minister persists in playing politics with the economy, he risks losing his supporters among the business elite.
A look at the backdrop to a recent increase in violence in Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula.
Data and arithmetic make clear that the Affordable Care Act could have negative effects on employment, despite the optimism of the law’s supporters, an economist writes.
Ford adds a third shift at its Kansas City plant to keep up with demand for F-Series pickups, and Consumer Reports tops its best sedans list with the 2014 Chevrolet Impala.
Getting to know the weirder side of Sears.
The proposal would increase the financial cushion banks must maintain to protect their assets in a crisis.
Some straying is OK, but this is ridiculous.
Times correspondents offer updates and insights on the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy announcement at 2 p.m. and the news conference by Ben Bernanke, the Fed chief.
ONGC Videsh, a unit of the India’s state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, says it will acquire a 10 percent stake in a natural gas project in Mozambique from Anadarko Petroleum in an all-cash deal.
Mark Spitznagel, the founder of Universa Capital, believes the stock market is going to fall by at least 40 percent in one great market “purge.”
A national economic, social and cultural whirlwind transformed the life chances of the children and grandchildren of those I graduated from Port Clinton High School with in 1959.
As proposals to replace taxpayer support for home mortgages with private finance move through Congress, it’s time for the Obama administration to take a position in this debate, an economist writes.
Is the Obama administration really the sort of oppressive government that needs to be overthrown?
How to find a cheap flight. Using Google Plus for contests. Health insurance premiums come in lower than expected.
The laws surrounding pregnancy and family leave vary, so until the government finances parental leave, women need to know their rights so they can make informed decisions about their jobs.
It was your passion that led you to start a business. But now that you run the business, do you still do the things you were passionate about?
Capital goods orders are weak. Gas prices fall. And five billion additional mobile phone users are coming to Facebook.
Loose money, or banks gone wild?
For far-right House Republicans, in their fight against Obamacare, it’s their way or no way, all or nothing.
Eventually, the 99 percent will demand better.
Although toned down from the concept introduced in Shanghai, the GLA-Class holds on to its aggressive looks.
Nonsense economics, but maybe good politics.
The decline in the jobless rate since the recession is almost entirely because of the continuing contraction of the labor force, a trend that began more than a decade ago and that economists do not entirely understand.
A research report finds a surprising correlation between the pace of truck sales and the ability of stocks to outperform bonds.
There is chatter that Hillary Rodham Clinton might turn to Robby Mook, 33, to run her next campaign. But first he has to help Terry McAuliffe win this year’s signature race, the Virginia gubernatorial contest.
After he gains control of Parliament, as expected Sunday, the Japanese prime minister will be under pressure to implement overhauls.
By focusing on exams, the nation has neglected teacher training and other education reforms.
The city, led by a young mayor with an idealist’s approach, has a reciprocal relationship with Cornell University and Ithaca College that has created thousands of jobs.
The Federal Reserve has spent heavily to buy bonds to reduce long-term rates, but rates are actually higher than when it started.
A wave of cuts in domestic and military spending is causing government furloughs as well as job losses and curtailed hours among federal contractors.
Roger Shepherd is chasing a dream that no one in living memory has attempted, to hike along the entire mountain range that forms the geological spine of the Korean Peninsula.
Some adventurous buyers are mining the commercial market for residential space.
Million-dollar cars are so common at Pebble Beach that they become like the spear-carriers in “Aida,” mere background for the real action.
The choice of the nation’s most powerful technocrat, the head of the Federal Reserve, has rarely generated this much public anticipation or political debate.
With Europe sputtering and China costly, the “stars are aligning” for Mexico as broad changes in the global economy create new dynamics of migration.
The role of design in transforming South Korea is the theme of "Korea Power: Design and Identity" in Frankfurt.
About 298,000 hybrids, or cars that run on batteries and gasoline, have been sold this year while only 36,000 battery-powered vehicles have sold.
The ruling by Italy’s highest court was the first time former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi received a definitive conviction in 20 years of tangles with the judiciary.
Low-wage workers’ pay has flatlined while median pay for chief executives at the nation’s top corporations jumped 16 percent last year.
Democrats and Republicans eagerly voted to reset and cap student loan interest rates after a failure last month forced rates to double.
The following is a transcript of an interview with President Obama in Galesburg, Ill., by New York Times reporters.
Widening income inequality and the weak recovery have undermined Americans’ belief in opportunity, President Obama said in an interview.
Two of the world’s largest economies have agreed to a deal on solar imports to Europe, settling a dispute that had threatened to set off a wider trade war.
Quarterly reports from the three biggest European banks showed that they continue to lag behind their American peers as they focus more on rehabilitation, delaying the Continent’s economic rebound.
Why the billable hour no longer makes economic sense.
The New York City mayoral candidates need to build on Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s transit improvements, in every borough.
Are spread-out cities killing the American dream?
The manufacturing index, provided by the Chinese authorities, indicated that recent small-scale economic support measures in Beijing might be having some effect on demand.
The ban, which carries fines and jail time for those who engage in such transactions without government approval, is an effort to prop up the Syrian pound, whose value has plummeted since 2011.
Few business travelers remember to add cash tips to their expense reports, and no one has come up with a mobile app to help.
Global stocks fell and oil rose above $100 a barrel as concern about Egypt and Portugal added to traders’ growing grab-bag of anxieties.
Both General Motors and Honda, two automakers considered leaders in the technology, said they could reduce costs and development time by working on a common design.
Managers of some of the better-performing mutual funds in the second quarter found strength in diverse holdings.
While justifying its intervention in politics as serving the will of the people, the Egyptian military has never been a force for democracy, living as a class apart, indifferent to ideology.
Many mutual funds slumped near the end of the second quarter amid signs that the Federal Reserve might pull back on its bond-buying. For investors, the future now looks harder to read.
If granted asylum — a big if — the N.S.A. leaker Edward J. Snowden would likely find life in tiny, beautiful, impoverished Ecuador a bit of an adjustment.
That the government enacted a law aimed at compelling adult children to visit their aging parents is yet another sign of the monumental changes sweeping through Chinese society.
Months after the European Union bailout of Cyprus’s banks, Russian shareholders have become majority owners, at least on paper, of the country’s largest financial institution.
Egypt has a dilemma: its politics are dominated by democrats who are not liberals and liberals who are not democrats.
Putting Virginia on the world’s wine map will take persistence, in the vineyards and the marketplace.
After a week of tense negotiations, Greece and its foreign lenders agreed on a new round of austerity measures that must be taken by the country to unlock the crucial rescue funds.
To residents of Asbest in Russia’s Ural Mountains, living with a pervasive carcinogen is the alternative to having no livelihood at all.
With the highly efficient  2014 Cruze Turbo Diesel, General Motors is leaving its Hummer legacy behind and establishing itself as a green automaker.
Plug-in hybrids and E.V.’s seem to get all the attention, and the tax breaks. But diesel engines are also fuel efficient, and technology has tamed the emissions problem.
The Federal Reserve chairman is credited with preventing another depression in response to the debt crisis. But he missed the growing imbalances that led to the crisis.
President Obama is making the case that prosperity comes from the “middle out,” and doesn’t trickle down from the top.
Bankruptcy proceedings will be very painful, but city and state officials should resist the temptation to gut modest public pensions.
Croatian officials long lobbied to get into the European Union, but some Croatians worry that the country is not ready.
Some witnesses warned a Congressional subcommittee that taxpayers, as well as the economy, could be vulnerable to banks’ actions in the commodities market.
The proposals, which are expected to face heavy industry opposition, would apply to transactions between financial services companies that consumers never see.
Speaking in Mumbai, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said he saw a “historic opportunity” to improve ties, but India must open up its economy more.
Hundreds of women in New York City have found themselves deep in debt and with little training after attending cosmetology schools that falsified applications for student loans.
Foreclosure prevention advocates are urging Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo to sign legislation that would prevent lenders’ lawyers from leaving homeowners facing foreclosure in a state of legal limbo.
While in Mumbai, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. is expected to express growing concerns about India’s economy and its openness to foreign investment.
A stable, democratic Egypt is vital for its people, for the Middle East and for the world.
Versions of the macaron may be everywhere, from McDonald’s to hit TV shows, but for the cookie’s old guard the focus remains on adherence to tradition.
Many tech companies in their early stages rent modest spaces from bigger tech companies, and then rent out any leftover space in turn.
Sergey V. Lavrov, the foreign minister, blamed rebels for stalling and asked the United States for help in the negotiations.
The new president of Iran offers an opportunity that should not be missed.
What would happen if Manhattan had a free market for rental apartments?
Regulators say banks have been profiting by offering wealthy Chinese high returns on loans, with banks lending the cash to companies unqualified for loans otherwise.
Republicans resist compromising their extreme positions and retreat further and further from the national mainstream.
Is mass unemployment becoming the new normal?
As companies like Tribune and Gannett buy up local television stations, the goal is not transformation, but leverage, using size to cut better deals with distributors and suppliers.
The Tokyo String Quartet, which is disbanding, said farewell to its longtime association with the Norfolk Chamber Music Festival with a program of Haydn, Debussy and Bartok.
As seen at the sprawling Marché aux Puces, Paris’s most famous flea market, concerns are growing for France’s economic health in the near future.
Outsiders were stunned when Henry Ford II dismissed Lee Iacocca as president of Ford Motor in 1977 and elevated Mr. Caldwell, who was nearly unknown outside the company.
The Bank for International Settlements, a central bank for bankers, operates without disclosure.
China wants to use Shanghai as a platform for financial overhauls, including interest rate liberalization and full convertibility of China’s currency.
Nathan Silver’s “Exit Elena,” a take on the life of a service economy worker, is also touched by heartbreak.
Will China or India come out ahead? It depends on reform.
Regulators have allowed banks to buy companies that trade in commodities, resulting in huge profits for the banks and higher prices for consumers.
A deadly building collapse brought the dangers of Bangladesh’s clothing manufacturing to world notice, but the environmental destruction is taking a daily toll as well.
June’s trade numbers came in much weaker than expected on Wednesday, offering up the latest evidence that the Chinese economy has lost much of its previous vigor.
A couple return to the city where they met to be married before old friends and colleagues.
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, is seeking to ease the terms for securing more rescue funds.
Mario Draghi’s comments came amid increased concern that European leaders have lost the will to address underlying flaws in the euro zone and instead are blaming each other for the economic stagnation.
Although Chancellor Angela Merkel is against introducing a nationwide minimum wage, it may be the price she has to pay to build the stable government she has promised voters.
Criticism of the $1 billion project to build a new stadium for the Minnesota Vikings’ has brought a local face to the national discussion over public contributions to sports stadiums.
Tehran is weighing the relative benefits of deal-making and economic reform, and is experimenting with both.
An outspoken advocate for changing the education system to produce more graduates with tech skills.
A nation is trying to clean up after thousands of homes that, after the housing bubble burst, were never finished or are substandard.
In recent years, Cubans close to the communist government have begun talking more openly about the economy, the political leadership and the restrictions they resent.
Repeated strikes against fast-food restaurants have called for a sharp minimum-wage increase, to $15 an hour, but the side effects of such a jump on prices and employment are unclear.
Germany's trade surplus beyond Europe adds to pressure on the euro zone.
At a picturesque century-old factory, Count Anton-Wolfgang von Faber-Castell is the eighth in a long line carrying on the family name in the pencil business.
A new law restricting the right to demonstrate could squelch the most vital form of public expression left to citizens.
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. raised the issue as Beijing withholds accreditation for journalists from The New York Times and Bloomberg.
Revising its euro zone growth forecast for 2014 upward to 1.1 percent, the central bank kept its main interest rate unchanged.
Britain’s central bank held its benchmark rate at 0.5 percent and voted to maintain its program of economic stimulus at 375 billion pounds.
Libyans are finally taking to the streets of the capital to push back against militias and fundamentalists.
The project is expected to be a major step in meeting Pakistan’s growing energy crisis.
A campaign that spoofs the image of Seattle as a nirvana for the noncommercial encourages agencies to produce more commercials there.
Neither Republicans nor Democrats want to take even the actions they demand of the other side for a long-sought agreement on the nation’s fiscal future.
After offering to foot the bill for part of a New York-Washington route, the Japanese showed off its newest high-speed train technology to visiting dignitaries.
Though new Formula One races often fall off after an initial burst of enthusiasm, the race in Texas had nearly as many spectators as last year, and many problems were fixed, too.
Touring by private jet is not new. What is new is the number of companies looking to capitalize on a widespread love-hate relationship with travel.
Progressive ideals are running up against age-old, intractable problems in Rio de Janeiro, where class difference and corruption are nearly as immovable as the mountains.
With the country in economic crisis, managing the “water bubble,” as many refer to the financial hole created by heavily subsidizing water, has become an urgent task.
There are no good choices if we hit that debt ceiling. Which bad choice would do the least harm?
The holes parents are being asked to fill for public schools keep getting deeper. Our city must take some responsibility for it.
With rapid urbanization under way, cities want to call their own shots. Increasingly, they can.
The documentary filmmaker on “Parkland,” puzzles and recommenders who have good ears.
As thousands of protesters demanded his resignation, President Viktor F. Yanukovich seemed to brush aside the unrest and defended his refusal to sign agreements with the European Union.
Gaza’s hydrological nightmare must be dealt with, regardless of the region’s other, more intractable issues.
Russia must understand Ukrainians’ wish for stronger ties with the European Union and the West.
Patrick Barlow’s adaptation of “A Christmas Carol” has fashioned a recognizable Scrooge, a poisoned man who seems sadly right at home in 2013.
John Woods, managing director of Citi Investment Management in Hong Kong, on market conditions and investing.
The development was a positive sign for the Indian economy, which has been buffeted this year by a declining currency and other problems.
A psychologist’s long-ago experiment shows how two groups of 12-year-olds rose above taunting and name-calling: by facing goals that transcended group concerns. Government leaders might learn from it.
The regulations, if approved, could require American companies like Google and Yahoo to seek clearance before complying with United States warrants seeking private data.
In San Francisco, the texture of inequality can be felt when you encounter its public transit system, which should be something other than a disgrace.
Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister, took aim at the co-chairman of Deutsche Bank, one of several banks fined for rigging interest rates.
Arctic states have asserted exclusive drilling rights, but the region is not likely to surrender its resources easily.
“We are closer than we have been in years” to an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians, Secretary of State John Kerry said, without citing specific examples.
The spontaneous, spirited resistance in Ukraine should inspire tired democrats around the world.
If you enjoy driving, or simply won’t tolerate commuting in a cocoon of hard plastic, the subcompact Fiesta may be worth its premium price.
Bloomberg faces newsroom layoffs, a shift in emphasis back to financial news and skepticism from the business side that investigative journalism might not be worth the potential problems it could create for terminal sales.
Pascal Lamy says Europe needs to modernize its "social market" model of tempering economic forces with social protection to keep it sustainable.
Last week, staff members at the pantry run by the Bed-Stuy Campaign Against Hunger had feared that at the rate people were lining up for food, the pantry would be bare before the weekend.
A plan to control disputed air space over the East China Sea increases risk of confrontation with Japan.
The high visibility of poor Haredis and Arabs influences the never-ending public debate about how to put an end to poverty.
Timothy G. Massad has been nominated to head the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, but little is known about his views on regulation of derivatives.
Is China, emboldened by its economic power, asserting itself in ways that mean the world is at an “inflection point,” as Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said in Beijing last week?
Is it just avoidance?
Now that limits on trading by big banks have been approved, the focus turns to enforcement and disclosure of trading activities, an economist writes.
Chinese citizens topped a global poll looking into materialism, with 71 percent of respondents agreeing with the statement “I measure success by the things I own.”
Suspecting JPMorgan Chase turned a blind eye to Bernard L. Madoff’s huge Ponzi scheme, authorities are preparing to take action. | A jury has found Bank of America liable of having sold defective mortgages. | McKesson has agreed to acquire a controlling stake in Celesio of Germany. | Pinterest has raised $225 million at a $3.8 billion valuation.
Shares in the hotelier Hilton Worldwide and the cafeteria operator Aramark Holdings Corporation were up substantially on their first day of trading.
The United States should insist on protections against currency manipulation as part of any trade agreement it enters into, an economist writes.
Mired in debt, Puerto Rico has been effectively shut out of the bond market and is financing its operations with bank credit and other short-term measures.
Adding to world excess savings.
Charles I. Plosser, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, who has opposed the Fed’s stimulus efforts, explains how he thinks the bond-buying effort should be wound down.
Janet Yellen offered thoughtful responses to the Senate Banking Committee, but her confirmation hearing underscored that repairing the economy is beyond the Fed’s power to achieve by itself, even under a dynamic leader, an economist writes.
The goals of the health-care law are laudable, but it is hobbled by unrealistic claims about its financing and heedlessness about its potential economic effects, an economist writes.
Facing legal troubles, Steven A. Cohen is selling art from his collection. | International leaders said the United States must raise its debt ceiling and reopen its government. | JPMorgan Chase’s legal pain amounts to profit for top law firms. | The Nobel in economic science was awarded to three American professors.
Lack of humor can be fatal.
Has the default already begun? Macy’s decides to open on Thanksgiving. Our tweets are getting shorter!
A robust media campaign in Egypt promoting the leadership qualities of Gen. Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi, as the replacement for deposed President Mohamed Morsi, often features lavish praise.
Wasting four billion hours a year. Gasoline prices fall. What small businesses in Virginia want from the next governor.
Four climate scientists press environmental organizations to embrace efforts to develop and deploy a new generation of nuclear power plants.
Prolonged and insistent attempts to undermine the legitimacy of the federal government bode ill for the nation’s future, an economist writes.
To speed up a slowing move to equality, men will need to move into professions that are traditionally female.
The two banks passed a Federal Reserve stress test in March, but were told to resubmit the plans, which the regulator said contained significant weaknesses.
Getting lost in the valley of ignorance.
The employment picture for the first three quarters of the year shows a deceleration of job growth, suggesting weak demand in a disappointing economic recovery, an economist writes.
This week, Joe discusses the challenges facing Blackberry, H.P. and Cisco.
In the long term, the recent shutdown and fight over the debt ceiling may help unseat the United States dollar as the go-to currency of other nations, an economist writes.
On the first day of bonus season my supervisor sent to me …
A daily confidence barometer shows it fell to its lowest three-day moving average since December 2011.
A San Francisco company, Coinbase, has raised $25 million from some prominent venture capitalists in the largest-ever fund-raising round for a Bitcoin company.
John Harwood of The Times and CNBC interviewed Matt Bevin who is challenging Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky in a Republican primary.
The regulatory lapses that invited the financial crisis have been compounded by an inadequate and sometimes misguided government response in fostering economic revival, an economist writes.
VSPs, for real.
This week, Joe discusses Janet Yellen, who is poised to become the new head of the Federal Reserve.
Driverless cars and delivery drones are likely to increase property values in big cities as such innovations are aimed at urban areas and make living there more efficient, an economist writes.
American Realty Capital Properties has agreed to buy Cole Real Estate Investments. | A court case has given the government a chance to eliminate a major tax break for private equity. | The federal judge dealing with Detroit’s bankruptcy is faced with a conundrum over extra pension payments. | Carl C. Icahn reduced his stake in Netflix.
I didn’t say that it was a good thing.
The power of Pinterest. The promise of a trade agreement. How bike lanes increase small-business revenue.
The merger of American Airlines and US Airways now appears all but certain. | A 9-year-old girl may change the way nonprofits are run. | Fantex, the start-up promoting initial public offerings of football stars, said it was putting off its stock offering of Arian Foster.
Nearly seven years after the Military Lending Act went into effect, government authorities say the law has gaps. | The chief operating officer of SAC Capital Advisors is leaving, underscoring the firm’s transformation. | The move by Senate Democrats to limit filibusters lowers a hurdle for executive nominees, including Janet L. Yellen.
Not hard if you actually read the stuff.
The United States has moved more effectively than Europe to get beyond the financial crisis, and has an opportunity to take on broader challenges like immigration, education and long-term fiscal reforms, an economist writes.
Lloyd’s may be tempted to focus its next share sale on retail customers after strong demand for the postal service’s shares. But the differences between the two offerings warrant a different approach.
The chances of abrupt jolts from climate change are mostly low in this century, but a pretty sure bet down the line. Can humans deal with that?
Retail sales for the big weekend disappoint. But manufacturing accelerated in November. And, surprise, there is still work to be done on HealthCare.gov.
Loans to veterans in New Jersey are up. Six tools to track online ads. Free products from Google.
The Swiss banking giant, which manages $10 billion for the American commonwealth’s millionaires, began an internal investigation into the lending practices of some of its top-producing brokers.
A member of my tribe.
The government shutdown seemed to come out of nowhere, but Republicans’ take-no-prisoners strategy was planned months ago. | Earlier versions of Twitter’s I.P.O. prospectus show how the company added certain disclosures. | William A. Ackman sounds off on his investments and rivals.
Despite the industry’s complaints of overbearing regulation, it has responded to a government overhaul by starting to innovate to maintain profits.
Several ideas about using financial instruments and a for-profit approach in the world of nonprofits are now taking hold.
The governor of New Jersey now supports allowing unauthorized immigrants to pay in-state tuition at his state’s colleges and universities.
Further delay in codifying limits on risk-taking by big banks will only weaken, not enhance, the prospect of effective regulation, an economist writes.
The Chinese news media had a field day mocking the U.S. fiscal crisis, but Beijing is unlikely to wean itself from U.S. Treasuries anytime soon.
A study finds that spending on programs including food stamps, Medicaid and unemployment benefits increased by 18 percent between 2007 and 2010 as families slipped down the income ladder.
Banks including UBS, Deutsche Bank and Lloyds face billions of dollars in expenses and years of effort to restore their reputations.
The head of the Private Equity Growth Capital Council defends the tax treatment of carried interest.
Readers tell Nick Kristof what topics they are interested in for the coming year.
Forcing the healthy to buy health insurance may not be an efficient way to run a health insurance marketplace, an economist writes.
The many levels of meaning in Eastman Johnson’s great emancipation work, “The Lord Is My Shepherd.”
With the prospective nomination of Janet L. Yellen to head the Federal Reserve, a look at the fundamentals of the organization she would be taking over.
Shares in state-run China Cinda Asset Management, which buys bad loans from Chinese banks, rose as much as 33 percent on their trading debut on Thursday.
Remember, it’s about people.
Last year a Shanxi coal baron, Xing Libin, spent 70 million renminbi on his daughter’s wedding with jet aircraft for guests, Ferraris and pop stars, Chinese media reported. Now he’s 30 billion renminbi in debt, the government says.
It’s a case against tightening, not for it.
The Volcker Rule’s chief intention is to prohibit regulated banks from using customer money to trade for their own gain, but it may have many potential gray areas.
Republicans are back to pursuing their goal of doing nothing.
Should OGX, the petroleum exploration and production company founded by the Brazilian entrepreneur Eike Batista, go into bankruptcy, it would be largest in Latin America’s history.
This word has appeared in 50 New York Times articles in the past year.
Of taxi fares, wages, and recessions.
House Republicans don’t care what they win in exchange for raising the debt ceiling, as long as they win something.
A conference dedicated to failure. A $10 million engineer. Do you track the “first-date indicator”?
The story behind the strange fleet of warships that showed up in New York Harbor in November 1863.
One of three Nobel recipients this year, the University of Chicago professor has been recognized for creating advanced techniques in econometrics, enabling researchers to create better mathematical models.
The bank, which set aside $1.6 billion to cover the cost of legal proceedings as profit fell to $70 million, had warned in September that earnings would drop.
Peter Sands, chief of the London-based bank, attributed a “double-digit drop” in the consumer banking results to unprofitable business in South Korea.
Retail sales fall. Redirecting food waste to the hungry. An entrepreneurship conference for those 50 and older.
Things nobody ever really believed.
The World Monuments Fund released its list of endangered cultural sites and cited the view of the New Jersey Palisades from the Cloisters in Manhattan as a vista that is threatened by development.
What do you remember about 2013? Fill in the blanks with your own guesses, or choose from a scrambled list of answers. Each question links to the Times article in which the answer can be found.
Whether you’re an employer or a job seeker, The Times wants to hear your stories.
In Juhapura, female participation in the political process is limited by cultural pressure to avoid political topics and by the lack of spaces where women can freely express themselves.
In a shift of rainmakers on Wall Street, asset and hedge fund managers are edging out bankers when it comes to the size of year-end bonuses.
The tapering has begun. A merchant takes a couple to court for writing a negative review. And a 97-year-old owner closes shop.
Treasury gets it right.
The Mexican venture capital firm Latin Idea Ventures said it had made its first investment in an e-commerce company, Linio, a start-up that sells a wide array of products in Latin America.
Bank of America reported earnings of $2.5 billion in the third quarter, even though the bank lost $1 billion in mortgage operations.
The administration says SHOP will be fully functional by the end of November — but that small businesses have other options in the meantime.
Both Republicans on the joint conference, Paul Ryan and Jeff Sessions, voted against the deal to re-open the government.
Delta is trying to preserve its dominant position in Atlanta by making sure that Hartsfield International is the only game in town.
Rand Paul’s very bad idea.
Restaurants and health care, which had accounted for much of the country’s recent job growth, were weak links in the latest monthly survey.
There’s a big hole to fill.
It’s no coincidence that a revival of the laissez-faire ideology that prevailed in the Gilded Age — an all-out assault on government regulation — has unfolded over the very period in which inequality has soared.
It’s the same old fallacy.
Federal gridlock over the debt ceiling could adversely affect the bottom lines of big Wall Street banks and firms, a report by Thomas P. DiNapoli, the New York State comptroller, asserts.
Xi Jinping has made a point of demonstrating to the media and China watchers that he is at the forefront of a small group of leaders who are committed to pushing through sweeping economic reforms.
The law school is expected to announce a $5 million gift from Daniel and Alisa Doctoroff to create a business leadership program that combines law and business classes.
The latest monthly collection of stories about young people published in The New York Times.
The social media giant is entering one of the strongest markets for initial public offerings in three years, whether from the technology sector or not.
The bank also said it would focus on retail and commercial banking in Britain and move up an initial public offering of Citizens Financial Group in the United States to next year.
If we want to remain faithful to Mandela’s legacy, we should focus on the unfulfilled promises his leadership gave rise to.
The Chinese president suggests that Confucius’ thinking deserves attention, but only through the prism of Communist Party views.
Many thinkers have argued that studying philosophy is learning how to die. If that’s true, then we have entered humanity’s most philosophical age.
Here are five ways teachers can make students think about the fiscal problems in Washington.
Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew plans to call on overseas regulators to make their rules tougher. | Carl C. Icahn has a new platform to pressure Apple: the cover of Time magazine. | Jon Horvath’s memory failed him again during the trial of his former boss at SAC Capital Advisors. | General Motors plans to sell the last of its holdings in its onetime financing arm, Ally Financial.
Twitter on its first day of trading managed to avoid the missteps that marred Facebook’s debut. | UBS said it repurchased the remaining value of a portfolio of troubled assets from Switzerland’s central bank. | Canadian, American and Qatari investors are helping to finance a planned $1 billion investment in BlackBerry. | A plumber in London is seeking to fix the European banking sector.
Excerpts from profiles of the Nobel laureate in 2001, 2005 and 2009 shed light on the path to his professional calling and on his early insights into the post-millennium housing bubble.
Even India’s wealthier, plugged-in consumers are reluctant to use mobile banking and frequent card payments.
Bonuses for bond traders are expected to drop up to 10 percent, while financial advisers and asset managers can expect bonuses to increase by about 15 percent.
The business of fake eyes. Why stocks may fall. How to deal with clients who don’t want to pay.
To be credible, calls to reduce the responsibilities and powers of the Federal Reserve need to be accompanied by ceilings on the size of banks, an economist writes.
The rise in payroll taxes without an increase in a worker’s ultimate benefits from Social Security is a disincentive to work, an economist writes.
Mainly political, I believe.
The penalty would cap weeks of heated negotiating and underscore the extent of the bank’s legal woes, people briefed on the talks said.
Did Census Bureau employees fake unemployment data in a way that could have altered the official jobless rate and aided President Obama’s re-election campaign? It seems unlikely.
It happened in 1790 and 1933, according to economic historians.
Bank of America posts third-quarter profit of $2.5 billion. | Twitter disclosed new revenue information. | JPMorgan Chase has reached a preliminary agreement to admit a trading blowup represented reckless behavior. | With the political stalemate, a crucial part of the financial system is becoming a concern.
Dueling portrayals of Michael S. Steinberg emerged from opening arguments in his criminal insider trading trial. | Neil H. MacBride, a former United States attorney, is joining Davis Polk & Wardwell. | Losers in the 2008 financial crisis are on the receiving end of JPMorgan Chase’s $13 billion settlement. | President Obama’s choice to lead the Commodity Futures Trading Commission is an enigma.
Austerity, because it feels so good when you stop.
The improvement reflects, in part, a rise in markets, which has helped both the firm’s core financial advisory arm and its asset management business.
The White House has issued a report on the costs of the October shutdown, the second longest since 1980.
In an uncertain world where photography as moneymaker is of particular concern, the career of Ansel Adams can provide a road map to potential success.
A look at the issues confronting the central bank as it considers whether the time has come to pull back from its bond-buying program.
How do you meet with 575 customers in a little over three days? Start with a relentless schedule, add precision timing and throw in lots and lots of coffee.
Small-business employment declines. Do business owners have a false sense of security about their data?
The hotel operator priced its initial public offering on Tuesday at $20 a share, in the middle of its expected range. At that price, the company will have raised $565 million and will be valued at $4 billion.
This week on Money Talking, Joe discusses the debt ceiling.
I.P.O.s should raise suspicion, not excitement.
In the last few weeks, right-wingers have been flinging around ridiculous and offensive analogies.
Why businesses are moving downtown. An Affordable Care Act success. And a social network for the dead.
Rhode Island School of Design President John Maeda has announced he will be leaving at the end of the semester.
Inequality is a big deal even compared to depression.
A left-leaning, locally focused small-business trade association is attempting to expose what it calls the “hypocrisy” of American Express.
California’s small-business exchange.
The third quarter was another tough one for personal computers on a global basis, though less than in the recent past. That doesn’t mean analysts think PCs are about to make a big comeback; the way we consume software is as big a problem as the different devices we consume it on.
An end-of-year checklist for business owners. A pillow made for cuddling. Keeping the holiday season festive and productive.
Congressional leaders join the Sunday shows to talk about the deal that ended the 16-day government shutdown and raised the debt ceiling — at least until early 2014.
Full speed ahead, Ms. Yellen.
The typhoon that ravaged the Philippines underscores what many development experts say is a cruel truth about climate change: It will hit the world’s poorest the hardest.
The single biggest impediment to a stronger economic recovery has been the years of dysfunction in Washington and the policies that have emerged.
It was a bit of a depressing start to President Obama’s second term: growing income inequality, gridlock in Washington and a disastrous launch for Obamacare.
Americans may not know all the details on HealthCare.gov, but they know a piling on when they see it.
Change is hard and often messy, and the Affordable Care Act means change.
The idea that honest work should pay an honest wage is part of the American social contract — and one that is in danger of disintegrating.
Both the insured and uninsured are concerned about how President Obama’s health care law will affect them and the nation, according to a New York Times/CBS News poll.
In the tight Virginia governor’s race, exit polls found voters giving the candidates equal marks on ethics.
Despite worries over the New York City economy, New Yorkers feel the city is headed in the right direction.
Data continue to show clearly that federal budget deficits stem largely from the policies of George W. Bush rather than any initiatives by Barack Obama, an economist writes.
China holds $1.28 trillion in U.S. government debt, and its prime minister, Li Keqiang, told Secretary of State John Kerry of his concerns about the debt ceiling fight in Congress.
Just days before the government could default on some of its obligations, the credit rating agency Fitch has put the United States on a “negative ratings watch.”
House Speaker John A. Boehner threw his weight on Wednesday behind the Senate deal to reopen the government and avert a default. He pledged to continue fighting President Obama’s health care law, but in a different manner.
As China’s outbound direct investment increases and becomes ever more visible, times are good for third-party agencies that can bridge the cultural and linguistic gaps to reach Chinese investors.
After 16 years of litigation, the city reached a settlement with 16 strip clubs that does away with a number of rules, angering religious leaders and advocates for sex-trafficking victims.
Angered by what he considers Japan’s efforts to sweep away the inconvenient truths of a nuclear disaster, a rancher returns to the no-man’s land near the devastated plant.
Those all-caps messages from Lagos in your spam folder actually predate email.
Democrats and Republicans alike are seizing on Pope Francis’ messages of economic justice and tolerance.
Television highlights.
The Chevrolet Traverse and its corporate siblings GMC Acadia and Buick Enclave have been substantially revised and are worth a look if you haul people or stuff.
The agreement, subject to approval by the European Parliament and national governments, would be a big step toward a banking union in the euro zone.
Britain's budget for this year discourages saving and encourages mortgage borrowing, but is likely to strengthen the economy.
Stops in China, Russia, European capitals and outer space.
The French energy giant Total is in talks with Lukoil to form a joint venture to develop shale oil in Russia.
Leading officials of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration have moved on to jobs that draw on their experience, often on behalf of the automakers.
Growth in the number of nonprofit organizations has vastly outpaced that for-profit businesses, according to data from the Urban Institute.
Outrage at the very wealthy may be impeding a national discussion of how to raise the living standards of the bottom 20 percent, an economist writes.
The crisis can prompt changes in crop selection and water use.
The ouster of Prime Minister Ali Zeidan underscored the explosive danger of loss of control over Libya’s petroleum, the lifeblood of its economy.
Several judges and officials involved in cases against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra’s government have had antagonistic relationships with her party.
Ehud Olmert, who was prime minister from 2006 to 2009, was accused of accepting money to facilitate the construction of a housing development in Jerusalem.
Party leaders are working to mobilize voter turnout in November, but they face changes in their national coalition that could frustrate their efforts.
President François Hollande promised new efforts to revive the economy, including tax cuts, after his party sustained broad losses on Sunday.
Representative Dave Camp, a Republican from Michigan who was first elected to Congress in 1990, made the announcement on Monday.
The agreement will create an autonomous Muslim-dominated region in the restive south of the predominantly Christian country.
The Texas environmental commission’s refusal to enact federal rules on issuing greenhouse gas permits has actually put the state at a competitive disadvantage during a natural gas boom.
A premier black college has been rocked by the economy, infighting and a changing demographic landscape.
When mutual fund returns shrink, their annual costs start to stand out.
The ban on exports of unprocessed minerals has been criticized by miners who say a plan to build smelters in the country is not economically viable.
In its annual report, Human Rights Watch said the desire to bring the Syrian government to peace talks should not be a pretext for failure to shield civilians.
The Senate will consider legislation to revive expired benefits for 1.3 million out-of-work Americans on Monday, but it appears gridlock will continue.
In the Russian city of Sochi, the grandiose and economically dubious megaproject has returned — another Soviet legacy pursued by the singular will of President Vladimir V. Putin.
Data released Monday underlined just how rapidly the overall economy has been cooling, but retail sales grew 13.6 percent in December.
Stocks continued to fall in Europe and in emerging Asia-Pacific markets as slowing growth in China and the prospect of less stimulus in the United States raised the specter of capital flight.
Secretary of State John Kerry, who has never publicly offered his personal views on the Keystone XL oil pipeline, now must make a recommendation on the international project to President Obama.
Joblessness remained at 12 percent in December while inflation dipped, suggesting the central bank will be under pressure to provide more stimulus.
Only economic pressure will end an unjust order.
Walmart and Apple are among 300 businesses that have agreed to review policies that may screen out applicants who have not worked in a long time.
Industrials musicals, which have long since disappeared, were once professional shows that featured impressive talent.
San Francisco, Washington and Seattle indicated that their new policies did not hurt local economies or cause businesses to leave.
The secretary of state is daring to test a question about the Israelis and Palestinians that everyone has wanted to avoid.
Among the stars of American automotive history, the Subaru 360 squats out of sight, a sales failure. But a few survived.
Ezra Klein’s decision to leave The Washington Post for Vox Media reflects the growing influence of new players in online journalism.
Ennahda, an Islamist party, ended two strife-ridden years as Tunisia’s first elected government, ceding power to a government of technocrats that will preside over elections this year.
Workers at a Goodyear tire plant agreed to accept severance pay that they said was three times as much as the company had initially offered.
Ali Abdullah Saleh, Yemen’s former president, is a rarity in the Arab world: an autocrat overthrown by popular revolt who nonetheless remains in his country, undisturbed.
Many decades later, when they reconnected, she still remembered his kiss.
Narayana Kocherlakota, president of the Minneapolis Fed, said the central bank should increase its efforts to stimulate the economy.
Pedro Santiago was known as a gregarious deliveryman who befriended customers, helped his family in Mexico and dreamed of becoming an engineer.
The Target attack shows that companies can do a lot more to reduce the risk of theft and fraud.
To increase enrollment in health insurance, the Houston health department is using emergency management tactics to targeting the uninsured.
The Maison et Objet fair in Paris was a showcase of grace under economic pressure.
Senator Charles E. Schumer says Democrats are not doing enough to counter the Tea Party, and one way would be to drive a wedge between the elite and the middle-income members.
The Ghost is the sportier, entry-level Rolls-Royce sedan, and the Extended Wheelbase version adds 6.7 inches to its length, resulting in a huge back seat.
In a speech to the German Parliament, Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday said that Washington had undermined its international standing.
The European Union proposed to end binding national targets for renewable energy production, substituting a goal likely to be much harder to enforce.
In the middle of political unrest, Ukraine’s opposition appears closer to forcing the rejection of agreements with Russia and turning to the West.
The drastic move is designed to bolster the currency, but it is unclear whether it will be enough to satisfy international investors.
Choosing options was once a normal part of buying a car. But today it’s a luxury experience reserved almost exclusively for high-end machines. And those options have grown ever more indulgent.
With the onset of sanctions, Russia’s stock indexes opened sharply lower and agencies threatened to cut the country’s creditworthiness, but President Vladimir V. Putin’s oligarchs stood by him.
Any stricter sanctions on Russia for its occupation of Crimea would likely be opposed by Exxon Mobil, BP and other companies with projects in Russia.
Reality television’s quest to open lockers and unearth memorabilia continues in new shows like “The Safecracker,” “Treasure King,” and “Barry’d Treasure.”
Gross domestic product in the last months of 2013 was revised up from 2.4 percent, with a 3.3 percent rise in consumer spending brightening the report.
The goal is to increase local employment, and to reduce on-mountain clashes between climbers and Sherpas.
Western democracies cannot resonate when they fail their own citizens.
The Federal Reserve also signaled its intention to keep short-term interest rates near zero after the unemployment rate falls below 6.5 percent
Toyota is poised to pay more than $1 billion to settle a criminal investigation into disclosures around the sudden acceleration of its vehicles.
After approving legislation that it will grand dual citizenship to descendants of Sephardic Jews expelled from the country, the Spanish government has received thousands of inquiries.
Higher education is today less a rite of passage in which institutions serve in loco parentis, and more a commercial transaction between school and student.
The bill signed by Gov. Dannel P. Malloy would raise the minimum wage to $10.10 starting in 2017, which would be the highest of all state rates that are now on the books.
A Senate vote to take up legislation to aid Ukraine showed bipartisan support, but a debate is expected to ensue over whether to overhaul the International Monetary Fund.
RFR hopes to draw companies from fields like technology, advertising and media through the amenities it offers.
The White House is billing Michelle Obama’s visit as a cultural exchange, but political overtones will be almost impossible to avoid.
Many restaurants treat their workers fairly, but it is not hard for unscrupulous businesses to find people desperate enough to do work for less than what the law requires.
Ben Richardson, an editor for Bloomberg News in China, is critical of the way the news agency handled an investigative article that explored the financial ties of the families of top Chinese leaders.
As chief economic adviser, Mr. Weidenbaum championed a wave of deregulation but quit after a year and a half, unhappy about White House budget-making.
The authorities jailed the mayors of San Cristóbal and Valencia, two cities that have seen some of the most intense unrest in the wave of protests shaking the country.
Economists’ advice on policy is based not just on their understanding of how the world works, but also on political philosophy — their judgments about what makes a good society.
The chief executive of the World Travel and Tourism Council talks about everything from growth in China to the state of the travel industry.
A Markit survey of purchasing managers indicates continued economic expansion, a strong improvement in France and signs of recovery in the region’s depressed labor market.
The United States and Europe need to move quickly on a financial package to tie the country more closely to the West.
The central bank’s governor said decisions on a rate increase would now be linked to a range of factors, and monetary tightening was some way off.
The South Korean automaker is already marketing a high-end model in the United States, but cracking the European market of BMW and Mercedes is another thing.
Mayor Bill de Blasio added a few promising proposals to his list at the State of the City address.
Despite efforts by international officials to curb Cyprus’s allure as a tax haven, it remains a magnet for investors and companies from Russia.
Inflation continues to fall in the euro zone, leading some to worry the region could get caught in a Japanese-style spiral of falling prices.
A big player like the one Comcast and Time Warner intend to create in the United States would probably meet antitrust obstacles on the Continent.
Conflicting priorities in Washington still stand in the way of the tax code’s redesign.
There’s less congressional appetite for brinkmanship this time, but the government has only a few weeks’ worth of cash left.
Both elections were expected to be closely fought contests that focused less on ideology than on unease over unemployment, corruption and crime.
The country has moved from recession to recovery, but not from recovery to strength.
President Obama met with Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, but made no effort to seek additional authority to negotiate trade deals.
Television highlights.
Parliament elected Sushil Koirala, a longtime democracy activist and a member of one of Nepal’s most storied political families.
The bank did not change its record-low rate, despite warnings that the euro zone is sliding into the dangerous economic condition known as deflation.
Young people made the revolution, and they won't be satisfied by either a new Mubarak, or the Muslim Brotherhood.
The International Monetary Fund warned that government mismanagement aggravated by the impact of sanctions had left Iran vulnerable to anemic growth and rampant inflation.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized Secretary of State John Kerry for warning that Israel could face more foreign boycotts if the peace process fails.
Russia’s dream of a Eurasian Union, with a puppet regime in Ukraine, will lead to more violence.
The move fulfilled a promise made in the State of the Union address.
Local defense groups look better than the drug cartels now, but they could turn out to be just one more illegal army.
President Obama hailed the promises by business leaders as a way to ensure that all students receive a high-quality education as they prepare to compete in the global economy.
Benigno S. Aquino III, the Philippine president, compared China’s claims to the seas near his country to Hitler’s demands for Czech land in 1938.
Persecution of Zoroastrians, Baha'is and others runs counter to Persian history.
The Bank of England said it would hold its benchmark rate at a record low 0.5 percent as headwinds continue to check the recent economic uptick.
A smaller trade deficit, increased consumer spending and a surging stock market contributed to a revised outlook for United States growth.
The Parks and Wildlife Department last week discussed the possibility of imposing additional restrictions to some of the most sought-after fish in the state.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Melissa Mark-Viverito, the speaker of the City Council, are set to outline plans on Friday to significantly expand the number of city businesses required to provide paid time off for sick employees, according to three people told directly of the plans.
Last year, the Government Accountability Office estimated that the price tag could range from a few trillion dollars to over $10 trillion.
The prime minister of Georgia said Russia was putting pressure on his country, another former Soviet republic that is leaning toward the West.
The analysis provided instant fuel for both supporters and critics of raising the federal minimum wage.
Sake is among the soft goods that the government is promoting to help improve the country’s exports.
Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister, who supports independence, and Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain, who does not, also differ on the future of oil and gas reserves in the North Sea.
Oakland’s Jack London Square draws energy from Sungevity and the alternative energy start-ups it nurtures.
Emerging from the annual meeting of the nation’s governors at the White House, Gov. Bobby Jindal omitted the usual happy-talk to discuss his views of President Obama.
The European Union’s foreign policy chief, Catherine Ashton, said at a news conference that Europe would offer “support, not interference,” and urged Ukrainians to maintain good ties with Russia.
A new study highlights the correlation between optimism and poor results, this time in the economy and the stock market.
A class-action suit by Silicon Valley engineers against companies including Google, Apple and Intel has revealed details of an agreement among them not to cold-call one another’s employees.
The giant sovereign fund said it earned 15.9 percent, or about $115 billion, on its investments last year.
“I cannot turn my back when the majority wants me to run for president,” Field Marshal Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi said, saying he would finalize procedures soon.
President Obama’s proposal for 2015 shows how many national goals could be won by cutting unnecessary and unfair tax breaks for the rich.
Hoping for foreign investment, France’s president pledged tax stability to a group of high-ranking executives from the world’s multinationals. But forgetting some of his campaign rhetoric may not be easy.
A relaxing of the one-child policy will allow two children in a family when just one parent is an only child, but the cost of child-rearing has given some couples pause.
Cooperation to make farming more efficient and to reduce waste has occurred in the past, and it can happen again.
Some members of the first Cuban families to leave after Fidel Castro took over are coming back, reuniting with the island and partnering with Cubans in direct new ways.
Republican primaries usually amount to coronations, nominating whomever is deemed next in line, while the Democratic contests are often messier affairs. This time the roles are reversed.
Rob Astorino, the Westchester County executive, said he would seek the Republican nomination to challenge Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat.
Solar power is dividing conservatives who support utilities and libertarians who see them as regulated monopolies whose rates are set by bureaucrats — the opposite of a free-market economy.
Waste Control Specialists is the only company that will dispose of some categories of low-level waste for 95 nuclear reactors in 29 states.
Customers were finally able to buy iPhones from China Mobile on Friday, but the turnout was underwhelming in Beijing, even with Apple’s chief on hand.
It’s a familiar-looking sedan that is full of gadgets, including a selectable all-wheel-drive system.
In the 2013 fiscal year, total federal contracts fell by $58 billion, or roughly 11 percent, the steepest decline in at least a decade.
New forces are causing the American income gap to feed on itself, whether in the political process, education or the broader economy.
In the same-sex marriage debate, why not take a page from the rights already granted to corporate America?
In 2013, stock fund managers achieved their best year since 1991. But for various reasons, some strategists say investors should rein in their enthusiasm this year.
Michel Djotodia, the Central African Republic’s president, quit under pressure after regional leaders held him responsible for failing to halt continuing sectarian violence in the country.
Kabul during the Afghan war was never violent as Baghdad during the Iraq war. But as coalition forces leave, international workers here feel more vulnerable.
The plan is the first in a series of labor- and immigrant-friendly laws that Mayor Bill de Blasio is expected to champion, including higher pay for employees on many city-sponsored projects.
Younger firms like FireEye and Palo Alto Networks are competing with Symantec and McAfee in a market that is expected to swell to $87 billion by 2016.
Documents obtained by WikiLeaks show that the Obama administration is pulling back on environmental protections to reach a trade deal that is a pillar of the president’s strategic shift to Asia.
Mr. Marcus is the chairman and chief executive of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, a publicly traded real estate investment trust.
A plan to change Italy's voting system offers the best hope for its long-dysfunctional government and its stagnant economy.
Europe’s Socialist standard-bearer, President François Hollande, who campaigned against austerity policies, has received praise from the European Union and Germany for his plan to reduce spending.
Excitement over the interim agreement, which will ease some provisions of the American-led sanctions on Iran but essentially leave all of them in place, has not extended to American companies.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development offered several proposals that could help lift the country from its slump.
The approval process for elevating the deck of the Bayonne Bridge is a case study, critics say, in environmental bureaucracy.
The governor is going after the state’s high-tax image, and wants homeowners and renters as well as manufacturers outside the New York City area to see relief.
Meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry, a group of Chinese bloggers appealed to the United States to take up the cause of Internet freedom.
The transcripts provide new insights into the debates, miscalculations and actions of the Federal Reserve in assessing and countering the financial crisis.
The regulations are the latest in a series of actions intended to cut back on greenhouse gases without the sort of legislation Mr. Obama failed to push through Congress in his first term.
Policy makers can avoid falling prices by stimulating the economy with lower interest rates.
Matt Taibbi will start his own publication focusing on financial and political corruption at First Look Media, which is financed by the eBay founder Pierre Omidyar.
Relatives who had not seen each other in more than half a century gathered at a resort in North Korea as reunions resumed for the first time since 2010.
What lies behind the British public’s surprising willingness to bail out royalty?
President Goodluck Jonathan’s dismissal of Lamido Sanusi, who had charged that billions in oil revenue was missing, was seen as a lack of resolve in tackling corruption.
Matteo Renzi, the 39-year-old mayor of Florence, forced out the Italian prime minister last week in an intraparty coup.
But many Taiwanese prefer the status quo over future unification.
If there is a serious conflict, maintaining an adequate growth rate will trump credit restraint and financial reform.
The images of riot police officers pummeling demonstrators contrasted with those from Sochi of swirling skaters and daredevil skiers.
As developers focus on Orange County, which critics say needs an economic boost less than other parts of the state, competition and tension are mounting.
After years of heated debate, Parliament approved legislation to phase out exemptions for ultra-Orthodox students at religious seminaries.
Confronted with a lack of funds, President Hassan Rouhani has little option but to take steps that will increase the pain for the voters who put him into office.
Mr. Fischer, the nominee for vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, has been an influential academic as well as head of the Bank of Israel.
Secretary of State John Kerry delayed an anticipated trip to Russia and the two sides issued dueling accounts of their recent diplomacy to defuse the crisis in Ukraine.
Technoport, the national tech-oriented incubator, is taking shape in a former industrial area 20 kilometers from Luxembourg City.
Hillary Rodham Clinton on Friday spoke about her new “No Ceilings” initiative as part of her tour of speaking engagements related to women’s rights.
Crediting economic growth and better service, a trade group reported 10.65 billion passenger trips last year despite a drop in gasoline prices.
The 30 or so participants say their objective is to build toward a time when the political landscape may have shifted enough that a bill could pass Congress.
After more than a month of protests and bloody unrest, President Nicolás Maduro has projected an image of openness and inclusion, while simultaneously cracking down.
President Obama, declaring that “Americans have spent far too long working more but earning less,” said millions more workers would be eligible for extra pay.
Paris Saint-Germain doesn’t operate by the norms of soccer finance. Like Chelsea, like Manchester City, it is the investment project of foreigners who have billions to lavish.
The debate over the government’s role in creating opportunity and ending deprivation has flared anew, with inequality as acute as it was in the Roaring Twenties and the ranks of the poor and near-poor at record highs.
The Flamenco Festival enters its 14th year, larger than ever and with a change in scope and style.
The renminbi lost 0.3 percent of its value against the dollar on Friday, and it has fallen 1.5 percent this year.
If the recent rancor remains, hopes for a European role in a final Mideast peace deal will be dashed.
President Xi Jinping is presiding over a working group on security, a sign that the Communist Party views the issue as a pressing strategic concern.
As Russia faces calls for an active response to Ukraine’s deepening political crisis, the question asked by many is whether President Vladimir V. Putin intended it that way.
The budget deficit dropped to $680 billion in the 2013 fiscal year, from about $1.1 trillion the year before, largely aided by a rise in tax revenue.
Gov. Jerry Brown, 75, is already the longest-serving governor in the state’s history.
All good things come to an end, even for the rich, and sometime this month, Forbes will probably pass out of family control and into the hands of a foreign owner.
The Indianapolis Cultural Trail, unveiled last May, has drawn visitors and helped spark a sluggish local economy.
As tension between Moscow and Kiev escalated, the crisis appeared to unsettle investors who had already been nervous about shaky emerging market economies.
Growers say inaction on immigration legislation is hurting productivity, and a powerful group that represents them says its members may withhold campaign contributions.
As the United States threatens sanctions against Russia, influential members of President Putin’s inner circle view isolation from the West as a good thing.
A central-bank policy that helped stocks to surge may have also caused some market distortions.
Recent developments suggest that the renminbi’s day-to-day strengthening is no longer the certainty it once appeared to be.
The number of new cars registered rose 8 percent in February from the same month last year, but it was still the second-poorest February since 2003.
Two red-haired girls on the Dublin docks, at the end of an Irish boom.
As Vladimir Putin’s Crimean adventure plays out, what is the West to do?
If the dispute over Crimea’s political status drags on, the peninsula, which lacks a self-sustaining economy and depends heavily on mainland Ukraine for vital services, could pay a steep economic price.
Aleksandar Vucic, expected to be Serbia’s next prime minister, recast himself as a pro-Western liberal in a transformation viewed as remarkable.
Britain’s central bank said it would keep its key interest rate at 0.5 percent, where it has been since March 2009. The bank also left its bond purchasing program unchanged.
Tuesday’s special election showed that Alex Sink’s campaign could not outrun the tsunami of advertisements tying her to President Obama’s health care law.
The United States has a strong interest in maintaining a sovereign buffer state between Russia and NATO.
Putin exploits Western weakness, then confronts his own.
Cardinal Reinhard Marx, 60, the archbishop of Munich, was selected on Wednesday to lead the Roman Catholic bishops’ conference in Germany.
On Feb. 22, the Federal Reserve released the transcripts of the 2008 meetings of its Federal Open Market Committee, which sets monetary policy. The transcripts provide a detailed account of some of the Fed’s key decisions during that crisis year.
The State of the State speech, that annual display of policy and pride, can be a call to action, plea for patience and, in some cases, an early look at a re-election platform.
We are in a “muddling through” phase, said Lloyd Blankfein, discussing the global economy and markets. The bank chief said the U.S. is probably half a cycle ahead of Europe.
Tunisia is one Arab country that has managed to avoid political gridlock. Turkey would do well to follow its example.
Many of its economies are still in trouble, with little sign of sensible policy moves or the energy to implement them.
Amid continuing concerns about Brazil’s sputtering economy, the Dragoneer Investment Group of San Francisco has made its first investment in an Internet company in the country, leading a $12.75 million round in VivaReal, an online real estate classifieds start-up.
It has been 25 years since the World Wide Web began. Tim Berners-Lee, its creator, and others are worried that its free and open nature could be in jeopardy as corporations push to control the speed and type of content that is shared online.
A recent $400 million swindle against a Citibank affiliate in Mexico demonstrates the systemic challenges of finding safe lending clients in regions subject to cronyism and sudden policy shifts.
The Russian leader gave his clearest indication yet that he would work with the winner of this weekend’s vote, but stopped short of saying the ballot would be legitimate.
The proposed pipeline’s effect on emissions would be negligible — nascent regulations on emissions from coal and cars would have a far greater impact on global warming.
Mr. Bush’s efforts to capitalize on his résumé and reputation have thrust him into situations that may prove challenging to explain should he mount a campaign for the presidency.
Two recent articles show the differences — and the similarities — of how favors and connections are used by the powerful.
In the sharing economy, safety issues, taxes and regulation have tended to be an afterthought. But now, regulators and officials are questioning the practices of start-ups like Airbnb and Uber.
The new operations should be placed only in communities that want them, and not close to New York City.
Websites like Airbnb that offer short-term rentals are making housing less affordable in big cities by restricting supply.
The court said Britain could not stop other European Union members from taxing securities trading — a tax the London financial community opposes.
Consumer prices rose at an annual rate of 0.7 percent, but continuing fears of deflation may keep pressure on the European Central Bank to act.
It may look as if Britain is trying to defend AstraZeneca from a hostile takeover by Pfizer, but in the end, market forces should be allowed to prevail.
The European Commission will announce a closely watched spring forecast on Monday updating predictions for growth, inflation, public finances and unemployment for the 28 member states of the European Union.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia pressed pause on Wednesday in what had begun to look like an inevitable march toward war in Ukraine, but world leaders questioned whether it was a feint.
Kesha Rogers, who says that President Obama should be impeached and Wall Street bankrupted, remains a factor in the Democratic primary runoff for the United States Senate.
Positive economic news is no guarantee of electoral success, partly because many middle-income Americans have not reaped the fruits of the recovery.
A court ruled that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra had abused her power in 2011. The decision was a victory for protesters who have sought to overthrow the government.
Schools are signing up to teach computer coding, which some view as a basic skill for today, and the tech industry-backed group Code.org is pushing basic coding even for the very young.
Democrats moved swiftly to frame the vote as an example of the gulf that exists between the two parties, saying the question is not just one of money, but of morality.
The automaker is trying to fend off a rising tide of class-action lawsuits stemming from its recall of 2.6 million cars because of a dangerously defective ignition switch that it now links to 13 deaths.
Nothing about the Ram ProMaster is designed for comfort, style or driving pleasure. But as a commercial vehicle it’s destined to become a familiar sight.
What you need to know to start your Friday: Merkel in Washington, U.S. jobs report on tap, and watching Apple-Samsung.
Short-sellers are branded as higher-risk borrowers, so new loans won’t come quickly or easily.
The ferry disaster has left the country reeling — and public trust in authority appears to have collapsed.
If America wants a durable nuclear deal with Iran, limiting uranium enrichment and centrifuges isn't enough.
Busy day? Catch up on the stories that grabbed our attention.
Home prices have fallen 10- to 40 percent since the recession, which, according to one agent, puts them “back to where they should be.”
Instead, the Kremlin used the results, which indicated overwhelming support for secession from Kiev, to press for some manner of negotiated autonomy.
Two contentious debates in the past weeks, the wrangling over Alstom and a row over the strength of the euro, underscored the breadth of the divide.
How environmentalism became a Marxist plot.
The former secretary of state said that many are struggling to enter, or stay in, the middle class.
A new book from the former Treasury secretary doesn’t resolve a big question about the financial crisis: How could such a huge regulatory army miss the economy’s buildup of risk?
From the town square to the virtual square the globe over, what happens after the protest march?
Real estate development in the Turkish city, fueled by cheap money and official encouragement, reminds some of what happened in Spain and Ireland.
Narendra Modi, the front-runner for prime minister, has a reputation in the state of Gujarat for brushing aside political and regulatory obstacles that stall construction in other parts of India.
The minimum would be set at $24.65 an hour in an effort to address inequalities.
The economy has probably been growing at a decent, but not extraordinary clip, for a considerable period of time.
The European Central Bank looks poised to try new ways to stimulate the economy, but the anticipated measures are unlikely to have a major impact.
The uneven nature of the recovery — between a group of strong countries in the north and a larger swath of weak nations in the southern rim — has made it difficult for the overall economy to gain momentum.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, in a letter, said that Ukraine’s gas debt had ballooned in the last month.
The president explains in an interview why the new E.P.A. rules on carbon are so pivotal.
Stone Fox Bride offers erotic, evocative wedding wear for millennial brides.
The World Bank now anticipates global growth of just 2.8 percent in 2014, down from its January estimate of a 3.2 percent expansion.
America’s shale gas could increase the power of U.S. manufacturing and challenge Russia’s reach.
Fifteen months into the pontificate of Pope Francis, the Roman Catholic bishops of the United States find themselves unsettled in ways large and small.
The frumpy Honda Fit has exceeded customer expectations for a budget-friendly subcompact, and the company has kept it that way with the redesigned 2015 model.
How to insure against the risks of investing in a college education? Allow student loan payments to rise and fall with the borrower’s income.
In her recent election campaign, Marine Le Pen portrayed mainstream politicians as corrupt. As if on cue, the main conservative party acknowledged using false invoices in 2012.
Luckily for the crew in TNT’s new series “The Last Ship,” television has been ending the world almost since the medium was invented. Here are some survival tips.
An orphanage in Ciudad Juárez found out just how tricky it could be to navigate the philanthropic world when 40 children with special needs were abruptly taken away last month.
A legacy of no significant legislation, no changes for the better in American life, no compromise with the majority of voters. It could have been worse.
There are many questions that need answering before the U.S. considers intervening.
The Central Bank has taken some steps, but they need to be matched by government actions if the economy is to recover.
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who led the military takeover that ousted President Mohamed Morsi, formalized his grip on power but must now overcome economic dysfunction and political polarization.
At a peak moment of partisanship, we should stop to do a self-audit of our allegiances and assumptions.
A new manifesto from a group of reform conservatives is the most coherent and compelling policy agenda the American right has produced this century.
How is it that even a useful, job-creating government agency like the Export-Import Bank is ripe for attacking by the right?
Titles, fundamentally based on the sciences, as selected by the science editors from all adult nonfiction books reported to The New York Times for the month.
Money to replenish the Highway Trust Fund is also being sought by Finance Committee leaders to help smooth the passage of a broad rewrite of the tax code.
Jack Lew, the Treasury secretary, explains why — and how — he thinks the economy can grow more quickly.
As the second day of talks broke down, President Vladimir V. Putin urged officials in Kiev to accept Moscow’s latest price offer for natural gas imports.
Having unleashed the most destructive political impulses of his party, Eric Cantor finally fell victim to them.
State Senator Malcolm A. Smith is charged with taking part in a conspiracy to pass $60,000 in bribes to Daniel J. Halloran III, then a city councilman, and two Republican county leaders.
Tony Blair, the former British prime minister, remains defined by many for his steadfast support of President George W. Bush and the invasion of Iraq.
Speaking at Worcester Technical High School in Massachusetts, President Obama chided Republicans for thwarting the loan relief legislation.
New research suggests that tax evasion deepens inequality.
It is possible for a government that does not levy property taxes to lower them, but it can be complicated.
Another month of adding more than 200,000 jobs continues the longest such run since 2000, but it’s nowhere near a record.
Amnesia seemed to be in force as the House Financial Services Committee met this week for a hearing on “the dangers” of financial regulation.
A memoir from Timothy Geithner offers the chance to look back on the financial crisis and ask: Why didn’t the government do more to help homeowners?
A review of the controversy over issues a newspaper took with an influential book about economic inequality.
Consumer prices in the 18 nations of the euro zone rose at an annual rate of just 0.5 percent in May, further pressuring the European Central Bank to ease monetary policy.
The country’s leadership is offering incentives to begin and enlarge families, but experts say little will change while economic prospects are grim.
Facing discontent over her government’s preparations for the World Cup, President Dilma Rousseff defended the funding of new stadiums and said Brazilians planning to shun the event were a “small minority.”
Despite robust economic data, the central bank left its key interest rate at 0.5 percent and continued to hold 375 billion pounds in government bonds.
The Myanmar government has doubled down on its repression of Muslims and some scholars think it approaches genocide.
A capable, utilitarian crossover with more power than the base model, the XV Crosstrek Hybrid will not turn in impressive fuel-economy numbers.
Survey respondents see hosting the world’s most popular sporting event as using resources better spent on social issues such as health care, education and unemployment.
Military coups have played a huge role in weakening the country’s democracy and its economy.
We Chinese must fight Beijing's efforts to blot out memories of the 1989 crackdown.
Today’s helicopter parents could learn a lot from 19th-century child rearing.
A meeting this week in Brussels of Group of Seven leaders affords an opportunity to show leadership in curbing production of greenhouse gases, analysts said.
The involvement of managers underscores the growing complexity and unpredictability of labor relations in China.
Reformers are beginning to question the party’s free-market orthodoxy.
With a sweeping new policy for medical marijuana, Canada is aiming for a market of large-scale — and highly regulated — growers.
Mr. Lusinchi, who was president during economic and political crises from 1984 to 1989, gave his mistress a position of power in his government.
Argentina’s real estate market has slowed recently, with some agents attributing the downturn to political unrest and currency fluctuations.
Already growing in Britain, the American digital video distributor will face entrenched local competitors on the Continent — not to mention Amazon.
Leslie Ross is swapping her crammed Lower East Side studio, where she has spent years building bassoons and inventing unusual instruments, for a sprawling factory in Maine.
As public funding for the arts has fallen and further cuts seem likely, arts executives have displayed a kind of wartime spirit in finding new ways to raise money.
Europe’s voters send a message of dismay with the governing parties.
Extremist parties are eroding the center-left and center-right core of national and E.U. politics.
How Russia got just about everything wrong in Ukraine.
A Gallup poll of all 50 states found that Rhode Island was least appreciated by its own residents. Some residents think the economy and a history of corruption are still hindrances.
The 2014 Cadillac ELR is unique, beautiful, efficient, serenely comfortable and electronically avant-garde, but at $76,000, it’s also bracingly expensive.
Boko Haram is not the only problem desperate Nigerians are facing.
What you need to know to start your Thursday: a global fast food strike, considering an Internet fast lane, and a deadly viral outbreak.
When a family saves for future generations, it provides resources to finance capital investments, like the start-up of new businesses and the expansion of old ones.
The economists charged with making the determination say it’s unclear if the economy is expanding or merely taking a pause.
Big Food is unwittingly destroying its own market by pushing a diet that causes illness and death.
The near fatal beating of a Roma youth suspected of burglary by a gang on the outskirts of Paris has highlighted the tensions in France’s economic underclass.
The Obama administration has drawn up plans to escalate sanctions against Russia by targeting its financial, energy and defense industries.
The land of an economic “miracle” routinely leads the nation in worker fatalities while offering some of the weakest protections and hardest-to-obtain benefits in the country.
The story of Shanesha Taylor, a mother who had a job interview but was unable to find child care, shows the harsh realities of today’s economy.
The moves announced by the governor of the Bank of England would restrict large mortgage loans as a way to curb market distortions.
Mr. Henkel, a former business chief who was recently elected to the European Parliament, has joined a wave of popular discontent with the European Union.
The Treasury secretary, Jacob J. Lew, conceded that the loan modification program had helped fewer people than anticipated, but said that it made lenders behave better.
Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado is leading the Democrats’ efforts to thwart Republican plans to take control of the chamber in November.
The preliminary reading of a purchasing managers’ index for June rose to 50.8 points from a reading of 49.4 in May, and beating a forecast of 49.7.
A small group of “holdout” bondholders has used U.S. courts to hold Argentines ransom over their country’s 2001 default.
Boston Ballet’s season at the Koch Theater included works that show the troupe’s strengths and weaknesses.
Viktor Orban, the country’s prime minister, has been aggressive both politically and in the business world, and a new soccer stadium in his tiny hometown is testament to his rising ambitions.
The biggest prize in Wednesday’s balloting is the House of Representatives, where the results will bear directly on the presidential election in July.
China’s cabinet decided to continue the breaks for small and very small enterprises through 2016 and said it was considering significantly broadening them.
The proposals, which also would curb cellphone roaming fees, still have to be adopted by the next European Parliament and member states before becoming law.
Mr. Stein, who has been critical of the board’s stimulus campaign, will return to Harvard to preserve his tenured professorship.
The International Monetary Fund expects about 3 percent growth in the United States in 2014 after 1.9 percent growth in 2013.
The events taking place in eastern Ukraine are very similar to those that led up to Russia’s annexation of Crimea. Does the West have a response ready?
The effects won’t be known for years, but Democrats will need to remind voters that many millions are already benefiting from the Affordable Care Act.
The businesses charge a small fee, but still make money from teenagers who pick up their phones and then purchase goods.
Prices for apartments keep climbing, while more big resorts are set to open.
Comcast’s position that there will be no diminution of cable TV competition in its proposed takeover of Time Warner may be beside the point as Wednesday’s Senate hearing approaches.
“Civil War: The Untold Story,” a five-part PBS documentary, goes west a bit and lingers after the South’s surrender to reflect on postwar challenges.
The men and women who leave countries like Bangladesh and Sri Lanka to work abroad are not expendable.
With some of his appointments, President François Hollande appeared to be trying to satisfy leftist factions in his Socialist Party, but he seemed no closer to a coherent economic policy.
The president’s visit to Michigan is part of an effort that has seen most of the action on worker pay move to the states.
Washington has yet to announce a decision on a visa for Hamid Aboutalebi, a diplomat with links to the group behind the 1979 hostage crisis in Tehran.
The Energy Department forecast that a gallon of regular gasoline would cost $3.57 on average nationally, down a penny from last summer.
Facing a midterm election that is tilting against them, Democrats are trying to revive a gender advantage that has sustained them for a generation.
Organized crime groups, which many still view as mostly a southern Italian problem, have used their vast wealth to gain sway in both economic and government circles.
Relatives of Americans killed by terrorist attacks in Israel filed suit against Arab Bank and the case has provoked a split in the Obama administration that pits the State Department against the Treasury and Justice Departments.
This Crimean adventure may, like that of Nicholas I, end in humiliation for Russia.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is visiting China amid tit-for-tat maneuvering and territorial disputes between China and its East Asian neighbors.
With no chance that Congress will agree to a huge increase in so-called climate aid, a new study on the effects of climate change creates a diplomatic challenge for President Obama.
Human Rights Watch said that under pressure from China, the Nepalese government is repressing Tibetan refugees.
It will take a fortune just to open the doors of a full-scale casino resort in New York, starting with a $1 million nonrefundable application fee.
While the jobless rate ticked higher in France and set a record in Italy, it stood at 11.9 percent in the wider 18-nation currency bloc, unchanged from January’s revised figure.
The slowing Chinese economy and tensions with Russia were among the reasons for a disappointing first quarter in emerging-market funds. But some managers see opportunities.
A new book, “G.D.P.: A Brief but Affectionate History,” conveys a sophisticated understanding of the often-cited measure of the economy.
Once the breadbasket of the Soviet Union, the country is looking to agricultural production to help fix its economy and reduce its dependence on Russia.
Brazil and the United States should be natural allies. They are not.
Automotive grilles tend to get a lot of attention from designers, but they have lately been shifting their focus to the air intakes in the sides of the front bumpers.
China has become an important automotive market, and the Beijing auto show reflects that. More than 1,000 new models are expected to be on display during the show.
In a rare insight into the government’s thinking on the use of cyberweapons, the White House published a series of questions it asks in deciding when to make public the discovery of major flaws in computer security.
The extremes to which companies go to minimize their tax liability suggests it’s time for a new approach, one focusing on shareholders instead.
David Cameron and Ed Miliband have little in common with the American commander-in-chief. But any perception of proximity is valuable political currency.
A Queens resident with a spare bedroom has rented it out over the past 10 months to scores of guests, taking in almost $18,000.
The economic catastrophe of 2008 was the largest of its kind since the Depression. Who’s taking the fall?
The city’s climate attracts buyers from the United States, Canada and Europe, though the global real estate crisis has thinned their ranks.
The Israelis suggested that the Obama administration had agreed years ago that there could be absolutely no negotiations with any Palestinian government backed by Hamas.
The Fed’s policy wing is expected to cut another $10 billion from its monthly bond purchases, to $45 billion, ending the purchases this fall.
The plan to sell the first long-term bonds in four years is a symbolic turnaround for Greece, even if legions of jobless Greeks are not cheering.
A U.S.-backed deal to settle the crisis in eastern Ukraine fell flat but appeared to arrest, at least temporarily, the momentum of separatist unrest in the region.
Regardless of whether you agree with the Democrats or Republicans on health reform, it could have profound implications on the midterm elections.
Policy experts wonder whether the government and private businesses can control spending as the economy gets stronger and millions more Americans gain coverage.
The crisis of the past four years is opening the way for radical change in Greek politics.
The 40th anniversary of the Rubik’s cube is being celebrated with a $5 million exhibition at Liberty Science Center in Jersey City.
An underdog in the Heineken Cup, Munster faces the reigning champion Toulon in the semifinals on Sunday.
Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, a potential Republican contender for president, has steadily gained prominence assisted by his knack for recognizing and seizing political opportunities.
Prom looks now include vintage clothing and styles from the red carpet.
The European Commission said in a report on Friday that Greece had made enough progress to warrant disbursing 6.3 billion euros that had been held back.
The country’s return to global capital markets was met with enthusiasm, but its economic struggle is not over.
A top NATO commander said the satellite photographs showed a menacing force of Russian fighter jets and tanks, along with as many as 40,000 troops, near the border with Ukraine.
At Florida State, an accusation against a star athlete prompted neither immediate action, nor an in-depth inquiry, by the university or the Tallahassee Police Department. By the time local prosecutors got the case it was nearly a year old and missing important evidence.
The sedan is the company’s top-selling model and will come with a variety of engines, including a revised diesel.
In the fall of 2010, Jonno Rattman was a college sophomore. When he started feeling overwhelmed by the troubles of the world, he began taking pictures of New York after dark and found “a deep cacophony of lust and fear.”
The Mazda Miata appeared 25 years ago, favoring a poised chassis over sheer speed. The car established a man-machine connection few automobiles can match.
He’s practical and empathetic. The lesson? Pass the bread.
BMW, long a proponent of diesel engines, has come to see the plug-in hybrid as a smart solution to meeting fuel-economy mandates. Coming soon is the X5 eDrive.
Home prices in Queens have risen significantly. In some sense it isn’t the new Brooklyn so much as it has become the old Manhattan.
Modernized and more powerful versions of those classic muscle cars are unveiled in New York.
The 2014 Nissan Rogue gives the model a new look, an optional third-row seat and improved fuel economy.
Two-thirds of its citizens are under 35. Can the economy deliver them a future?
A credit bubble in fast-growing economies could burst, a report said, putting American mutual funds and other global investors in danger.
Fresh statistics on German trade show a sharp increase in imports from the euro zone and the broader European Union.
The updated Ghost Series II looks like a Rolls-Royce should: stately, poised and confident.
The Conservative-led coalition government hopes voters see the new growth as a vindication of austerity policies.
Declaring “NATO will protect every ally,” Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the secretary general, said the alliance would send more planes, ships and personnel to the region around Ukraine. 
The New York International Auto Show, which starts two days of press previews on Wednesday, promises dozens of new and updated models.
After a weekend of meetings, the White House was working on a list of new targets who would be barred from traveling to the U.S. or whose assets there would be frozen, officials said.
What you need to know to start your Tuesday: Passover security tightens, a cold spell descends, and Tax Freedom Day cometh.
Talk of a crisis in legal education risks pushing law schools into hasty and ill-considered reforms.
The Constitutional Court overturned a provision that gave the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan greater control over the judiciary.
Titles, fundamentally based on the sciences, as selected by the science editors from all adult nonfiction books reported to The New York Times for the month.
Old ideas are having a comeback in the new Gilded Age.
In a village in southwest Ukraine, the kids may know how to speak Russian, but they say they’d rather sing to Taylor Swift.
As the bank’s president, Mario Draghi, acknowledged to a group of experts that the euro zone might slide into deflation, good options are scarce.
Swiss voters on Sunday resoundingly rejected a proposed minimum wage that would have been the world’s highest.
The government saved Wall Street but left the real economy behind.
As the European Union nears agreement on a law for information privacy, some expect one nation’s regulators to enforce the rules throughout the union.
The German automaker plans to double its work force at the Washington State carbon fiber plant and invest $200 million in the factory, which runs on hydropower.
The move came as Democratic lawmakers debated how to handle the committee, calling it a “kangaroo court” and a “political stunt.”
Journalists at the left-wing French newspaper have revolted since new owners said they would eliminate the print edition and publish only on digital platforms.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel called on the international community “not to run to recognize” the new Palestinian government scheduled to be sworn in Monday, saying it rests on a terrorist organization.
If finance doesn't come from sources other than banks, Europe could be condemned to years of slow growth.
When President Obama visits Poland on Tuesday, he will find a nation still heavily pro-American, but where the focus has turned to the European Union.
In the elections for the European Parliament over the weekend, many traditional, centrist political parties lost ground to smaller or upstart parties from both sides of the spectrum.
Five years since the end of the recession, many states still haven’t returned to, or neared, their previous levels of unemployment.
Every team plays in distinct ways. To understand their style, one must learn a bit about each country’s history.
Britain's economy grows slightly more slowly than expected in the first three months of 2014, and as Sonia Legg reports the year-on-year rate was its fastest in more than six years.
Asia’s top three economies - China, Japan and India - will take the spotlight Friday with releases ranging from central bank minutes to inflation and industrial production. Sareena Dayaram reports.
With warnings to Russia over encroachments into eastern Ukraine, Sonia Legg looks at the impact the latest unrest could have on Russia's economy.
The president, having finally freed himself from Republican obstructionists, should do his utmost to fix an obsolete, unjust system.
With the 200, Chrysler has finally come up with a credible family sedan, helping to erase memories of the last version.
As Americans celebrate the Fourth of July in blazing red, white and blue, the emphasis this year is on the blue.
Secretary of State John Kerry, at a high-level gathering of Chinese and American officials, called on China to support the creation of a legally binding code of maritime conduct.
More than three years after Myanmar’s ruling generals propelled the country on an ambitious journey toward democracy, security forces are back on the streets.
Opinions about presidents change, people. Yeah, it’s bad being Barack Obama right now, but it’s way worse to be Warren Harding.
The French dislike modernity. They mistrust it. That is the nub of the problem.
Laws demanding client confidentiality create a bind for those who cooperate with inquiries into tax evasion.
Presenting the Federal Reserve’s biannual report on monetary policy, Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, said the economy was growing, but slowly.
Image issues affect both male and female leaders, the latest debate set off by President François Hollande of France’s glasses.
A rural Connecticut program teaches perennials, permaculture and pickling. But no work on the Sabbath.
The slowness of the effort to reduce risk in this important sector is a depressing indication of the overall state of affairs in the financial system.
The financial problems of a powerful family have given investors a reminder of the difficulties that Portugal still faces.
Energy companies form the backbone of the Russian economy, and they increasingly turn to China when they need cheap capital.
The growth in private, unregulated stock exchanges raises questions about risks both to investors and to the larger economy.
For the last few years, Medicare spending has been below projections, a trend as mystifying as it is welcome.
Sudan’s ailing president has made a militia notorious for its atrocities into his personal army.
From taxi rides to overnight stays, the sharing economy is growing rapidly, and creating a village where your reputation is everything.
New regulations could lead to the closing of the last cigar factory in the historic Ybor City, a Tampa neighborhood that was once home to scores of cigar makers.
We’ve finally reached the point where the do-nothing, delay-everything Congress has reached its logical position.
The debate over parole for apartheid killers reveals that South Africa’s truth and reconciliation was a mirage.
A global comparative study on the financial literacy of 15-year-olds has placed a spotlight on the growing importance of economic competency training in secondary schools.
Instead of panicking, the West should realize that the hawks have not won the debate in Beijing.
The Great Northern Paper mill in Millinocket, Me., spurred prosperity for generations. But the plant has shut down, and the town is flailing for a new direction.
Now the former House majority leader is looking for his own max deal.
In Gaza, anxious eyes scan the night sky for any warning of the bombs that rain.
A group of big nations with big, if diverse, interests opens a new bank.
Its economic boom heavily dependent on the emission-producing energy industry, Texas has resisted evidence of climate change, even within its own borders.
A special onus falls on Britain, whose flag some Hong Kongers waved during recent protests.
Gas tax increases are unpopular, so Congress is turning to some wishful math to pay for road repairs.
The plants that are likely to be shut down employ more than 1,500 people and account for about 40 percent of the company’s refining capacity in Italy.
Joko Widodo, the governor of Jakarta, was declared the winner of Indonesia’s presidential election, completing an improbable ascent to leader of the world’s fourth-most populous nation.
“Sadomonetarism,” the interests of the 0.01 percent and the politicization of economics.
The new prime minister has promised to tackle Varanasi’s many problems and to turn the downtrodden city into a showcase of culture and small business.
When does Janet L. Yellen go from economist in chief to the market strategist in chief? And should investors listen to her views?
The additional measures adopted by the European Union and the United States are designed to exact a heavy price from President Vladimir Putin, and deservedly so.
Uncertainty over the independence referendum may have dampened the budding recovery in Scotland’s property market, but there are signs of stabilization and even improvement.
Robert McDonald, a former Army officer and Procter & Gamble executive, may have been handed his biggest challenge with his confirmation as secretary of Veterans Affairs.
A new report says inequality is causing slower growth. It is not a novel conclusion. The surprise is the source: Standard & Poor’s.
Ford has been the leading seller of commercial vans in America for more than 30 years. Now, it is offering a new approach to cargo hauling.
The central bank moved to limit family control of the bank, after a staggering first-half loss, and ordered it to raise more funds.
An economic analysis buried in regulations requires weighing public benefits against the happiness smokers might lose in quitting.
The rescue of a huge lender is an object lesson in the erratic way Europe has tried to fix the system.
Chrysler’s big vehicles, especially Jeeps, continue to power its performance, while the company’s passenger cars have lagged.
Tom Petty, Shawn Mendes and Hermán Olivera are among the artists with new albums.
The United States and Europe began a joint effort to curb Russia’s long-term ability to develop new oil resources, taking aim at a source of Kremlin power in retaliation for its intervention in Ukraine.
Professor Hall was best known for proposing zones to help impoverished cities with no industry that needed drastic assistance.
Recreational ranches offer the ultimate anti-Hamptons getaway.
In three hours of back-and-forth questioning, it appeared that neither side could take victory for granted in the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, where the cases were heard.
For the first time since 2007, lenders have eased their standards for loans and have noted an increase in demand for them, a central bank survey found.
As expected, the Federal Reserve announced it would reduce its monthly bond purchases to $25 billion and would continue to hold short-term interest rates near zero.
Artur Mas, the head of Catalonia’s regional government, told the Spanish prime minister that plans for a November vote on secession remained on track.
The president said that his policies had reaped rewards despite a lack of cooperation by Congress.
A fractious country, Nepal has been united in its embrace of Narendra Modi, the first Indian prime minister in 17 years to make a state visit here.
Since the 1940s, Democratic presidents have presided over healthier economies than Republican presidents. Whether that actually means anything is another story.
Judges in The Hague could rule on a case brought against the Russian Federation, and the Fed may cut its monthly bond purchases to $25 billion.
While the amendment would not affect federal laws governing agriculture, its possible effect on local and state laws is unclear.
Few nonprofit organizations are helping unemployed men find interview suits, but the ones that do are making a big difference.
When the British tax authorities struck a landmark deal with the Swiss to crack down on tax evasion, they sat back and waited for the cash to flow in. Almost three years later, they are still waiting.
The gap between the rich and poor in the United States has grown so wide that it is inflicting a lot of economic damage and makes a new case for trickle-up economics.
The evolution to more frugal, deinstitutionalized living that has created the sharing economy may also lead to less involvement of government in everyday life.
The capital city, Vilnius, is steadily becoming a more international market, though the vast majority of buyers are still Lithuanian, according to brokers.
While the police in France have refused to release his identity, the French news media reported that it was Prince Abdul Aziz, 41, who was ambushed by gunmen in a Hollywood-style robbery.
The world’s central bankers made clear at an annual policy conference in Wyoming that they were focused on raising employment and wages.
Manuel Valls announced plans to dissolve the government after a rancorous battle in his cabinet over the direction of the economy.
We largely avoided the 2007 crash but didn't learn from it. Now we're facing our own bailouts.
A book offers an optimistic view of the effects of technology, but its arguments have one big blind spot: human behavior.
Neel Kashkari, the Republican candidate for governor of California, spent a week pretending to be homeless in Fresno, Calif., an experiment that added some sorely needed publicity to his campaign while also attracting some ridicule.
South Korean education produces ranks of overachieving students who pay a stiff price in health and happiness.
Sure, they look powerful, but as development projects they have failed mightily.
To sidestep Senate approval, President Obama’s negotiators are devising what they call a “politically binding” deal to “name and shame” countries into cutting their emissions.
A day after infighting led to the collapse of the government, Prime Minister Manuel Valls appointed centrist political allies in a bid to crush an open rebellion in his Socialist Party.
A leading Chinese scholar was sent to Hong Kong to make Beijing’s case for how the territory should choose its top official.
America can’t afford to maintain the world’s reserve currency.
Arnaud Montebourg, who bucked the French government’s line on austerity, warned that Europe must overcome an obsession with budget deficits.
The figure modestly increases the Congressional Budget Office’s April projection that spending would exceed revenue by $492 billion. The change was attributed to lower-than-expected corporate income tax receipts.
Nightly artillery firing across the border intensified in mid-August and reportedly has killed two Indian civilians and four Pakistani civilians.
Entrepreneurs say the new way of consuming is part of a growing, post-recession movement to value experiences over possessions.
Political spin and convenient lies surrounded the Ukraine crisis, while the difficult choices posed by ISIS remained unaddressed by President Obama.
No civilized country can shirk its responsibility to fight a global scourge.
One of the grand old men of education policy says test-based accountability has got to go.
Businesses and individuals with about $4 billion in frozen deposits at Bulgaria's fourth-largest bank are struggling to pay their bills after a government takeover of the lender in June.
As president, you get only a few real moments of testing, but the right judgment can make a difference in history.
The West must back Kiev militarily or back down from Russia.
In an interview Sunday, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia veered between veiled threats and demands that the Ukraine government negotiate directly with separatists.
The writer of the popular career guide, first commercially published in 1972, updates the book each year, but some of its original points are still true.
After all the talk about how providing health care to the uninsured would be unaffordable and unsustainable, it turns out that it isn’t hard at all.
What happened to the G.O.P.’s vision of broader opportunity?
Students need an unvarnished picture of our past and the skills to understand and interpret that picture.
Puerto Rico’s status as a tax haven is beginning to catch on, and some are betting big bucks that the trickle of Americans buying property there will soon become a stream.
Investors do not believe that the bank will show sufficient determination to stick with easy money policies.
The Power Wagon is Ram’s ultimate off-roader, suited for big obstacles and big spaces. It’s more than trail-ready, as long as those trails are wide.
Sweden is now sharply divided over big, emotive issues like immigration and the future of the welfare state.
With the midterm elections in sight, President Obama went to Milwaukee to try to refocus attention on an economic policy issue that could help his party.
Five years into an economic recovery in which corporate profits have surged, the number and quality of jobs are still lagging badly, as are wages and salaries.
Neel Kashkari, the little-known Republican trying to unseat Gov. Jerry Brown, relentlessly portrayed Mr. Brown’s governorship as a failure Thursday in the campaign’s one scheduled debate.
Gov. Jerry Brown faces a little-known challenger, as well as the possibility of a second term without a voter mandate or much political capital.
Lessons from the boss of the original boardwalk empire.
There is disagreement among Republicans about whether they should focus efforts to win a Senate majority on the president’s perceived incompetence.
The Fed vice chairman, Stanley Fischer, told a conference in Sweden that growth had been disappointing, possibly reflecting a structural shift in the global economy.
Misguided European Union policies are impeding further economic recovery.
Thousands of people, many with connections to mainland China, expressed their opposition to a planned sit-in by pro-democracy activists who call themselves Occupy Central With Love and Peace.
An economist says companies’ moves abroad offer another reminder that it’s time to rethink the entire tax system — and to base it on consumption.
Prayuth Chan-ocha, who led the overthrow of Thailand’s government in May, was named prime minister Thursday by a rubber-stamp legislature.
More than six months after protesters drove Viktor F. Yanukovych from power, his lavish estate displays how difficult it is to bring about a real break with Ukraine’s past.
In his first public statement since his ouster, former President Hosni Mubarak recited the achievements of what he called a 62-year career of service to Egypt.
Gov. Rick Perry and Senator Ted Cruz spoke at the RedState Gathering in Fort Worth this month and both received enthusiastic support from attendees, highlighting a growing tension in Texas politics.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, seeking to retain power despite a term limit in his current post, took 52 percent of the vote, according to unofficial results.
For all the fears that curbing carbon emissions will put the brakes on economic growth, it might actually enhance it.
Dr. Fein’s ethical and humanitarian perspectives on national health care were influential from the Truman administration to President Obama’s Affordable Care Act.
Some of Kansas’ staunchest Republicans have found some of Gov. Sam Brownback’s measures to be too far to the right, and have endorsed Paul Davis, the Democratic candidate.
The rules would make it more difficult for American companies to lower their tax bills by relocating overseas and would wipe out the benefits for those that do.
An artist manager and others are working to save the studio where Dolly Parton recorded “Jolene,” a space scheduled to be leveled to make room for condos.
The important news was the convergence of a NATO summit meeting, the beginnings of a cease-fire in Ukraine and the commitment to destroy ISIS.
Additional sanctions and increased military pressure will not, by themselves, help define a way forward.
If confirmed, the former Danish finance minister will inherit delicate investigations into powerful foreign companies.
The militant group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is meant to weaken Iran and its allies, many Iranians say.
No state has seen stronger gains in employment since the recession, but the recovery has proved to be something of an abstraction to voters.
A committee headed by Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer will oversee the work of the Office of Financial Stability Policy and Research and help the bank set the pace of its retreat from economic stimulus.
Independence could make Scotland vulnerable to serious problems that cannot be easily dismissed.
Israel experiments with modern observances of the Jewish “shmita,” a traditional rest period for farmers that comes every seventh year.
Democrats have said the ability to mobilize women, particularly those struggling with minimum wage jobs, could determine whether the party holds the Senate.
The Ricketts family, which bought the Cubs in 2009 and promised a winner, has faced all sorts of bedevilments on the field and off. And then there are the neighbors across the street.
The 2015 Escalade remains mostly unchanged, a cartoonish rear-drive barge laden with the pomp and pretension that used to be Cadillac’s mainstay.
Today’s automobiles are beeping and chirping at us, raising lights like stage curtains, playing little movies on our screens and serenading us with theme melodies.
A modest victory for Russia in Ukraine was actually the least-bad outcome to be expected.
How to communicate in a global workplace? It takes skill — and an abundance of flexibility.
President François Hollande indicated that France’s role in fighting the Islamic State would be limited to air support in Iraq, with no French airstrikes in Syria.
The Affordable Care Act will greatly affect health care costs in the next decade and beyond, but in what ways is still unclear.
The very bad economics of independence.
The governor signed bills to make it easier for low-income Californians to obtain plug-in vehicles ahead of speaking engagements at the United Nations’ Climate Summit 2014.
Charles Plosser, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, said that he would retire in March. Richard Fisher, president of the Federal Reserve of Dallas, is required to step down in April.
Income for most Americans has not recovered since the recession ended, and, at the recent rate of progress, it won’t for a long time, if ever.
The revised rate of 0.4 percent for the currency bloc is unlikely to end a debate about whether the eurozone is at risk of deflation.
The independence movement in Scotland was another sign of widespread dissatisfaction with an established order that has failed to deliver.
A global commission is challenging the widespread belief that efforts to reduce global warming would carry a steep price.
French leaders are facing the pressure of their own weakened economy and the continuing austerity push of the German chancellor, Angela Merkel.
Plentiful jobs at good pay, the critical underpinning of a strong economy, are still not in the cards.
Historically, wealthy Latin Americans have had little interest in philanthropic giving aimed at solving social problems, but that is slowly changing.
And this time their ships are laden with a new generation of thought-provoking objects and design ideas.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
As Prime Minister David Cameron’s party trails in polls, one minister quits in a scandal and another legislator defects to the U.K. Independence Party.
With inflation dipping to 0.3 percent and unemployment remaining at 11.5 percent, the E.U. received more unwelcome news before the central bank meets.
Solutions to “intractable” problems could be closer than we think.
The promise of “one country, two systems” was supposed to last until 2047. How far will President Xi go if protesters stand their ground?
Since Congress refused to act on immigration reform, it is the president’s duty to use his executive authority to protect unauthorized immigrants from deportation.
Coming off a year when it was forced to raise capital by selling new shares, the German steel-making conglomerate said sales rose 8% for the quarter.
Experts say the struggle of two entrepreneurs highlights how the myriad rules governing driving schools — and 36 other highly regulated professions — stifle competition and inflate prices in France.
Massachusetts approved legislation in 2011 to allow three casinos and a slots parlor, and voters will decide in November whether to repeal the law before a single casino has been built.
Dance
A New York Times/CBS News poll shows that President Obama’s approval ratings are similar to those of President George W. Bush in 2006 when Democrats swept both houses of Congress in the midterm elections.
This collection of columns takes a look behind the numbers to show hidden trends and relationships over a range of science and health topics.
Inadequate transportation, electrical service and telecommunications add up to a multibillion-dollar drain on the economy.
While animal rights activists say the guanaco should be protected, ranchers say leaving the population unchecked could put the economy at risk.
A regional conflict between traditional South Indian fisherman and the government of Sri Lanka exposed deep environmental problems in the globalized economy.
The 2015 Outback is significantly better in everything, from handling to fuel economy, without surrendering its core role as practical all-weather transportation.
The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Esther George, discusses on CNBC recent improvements in the economy.
The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Esther George, discussed on CNBC recent improvements in the economy.
The New York State Common Retirement Fund is hiring Goldman Sachs to manage $2 billion of the $180 billion it holds for state employees. Goldman will also be advising the fund more broadly on its entire $100 billion portfolio of stocks.
The stalled eurozone would be much better off powered once again by a dual engine.
Today in Politics: Obama at the U.N., the Republican governors’ money machine, and Newt Gingrich’s C-Span flub.
Scott Brown goes on the attack in New Hampshire against Senator Jeanne Shaheen.
Rachel Swarns, who writes the Working Life column, explains why she pursued the story of Maria Fernandes, who died in between work shifts.
Central bankers have seen signs of market exuberance, but the Federal Reserve has been slow to pop the bubbles, Jesse Eisinger writes in The Trade.
In this lesson we offer a series of topics and questions paired with Times essays, articles, slide shows and videos to help students dig deeper into the causes, effects and overall legacy of World War I.
A scientist with the Global Carbon Project argues that China holds the key to promoting renewable energy and limiting global warming.
Attributing unemployment to benefits that don’t exist anymore.
Frigid conservative fantasies.
A close look at the intensifying dance between the United States and China over how to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
IBM is cutting the pay of some of its services workers by 10 percent while they are being trained in cloud, mobile and big data computing.
Some ideas for connecting “The Giver” to a larger discussion about the popularity of dystopian literature, as well as options for going further to explore other aspects of the book with the help of Times and Learning Network resources.
The Alibaba Group, the e-commerce behemoth in China, makes a splashy debut to close the day up 38 percent from its I.P.O. price of $68 a share.
You’re all bums on welfare.
The perfect man must not be criticized.
Dollar General offered to buy Family Dollar Stores for $8.9 billion, hoping to break up its fellow deep-discount retailer Family Tree’s agreed-upon $8.5 billion merger with Family Dollar.
This was all predictable — and predicted.
Republicans well aware of the good work being done by AmeriCorps nevertheless shrink from voicing objection when their colleagues put it on the chopping block.
The pipeline group Kinder Morgan plans to reorganize as a single corporation. | The drop in Treasury yields has confounded experts. | An investor group is considering legal action after being burned by losses on Portuguese bank bonds. | A Stanford finance professor is rapidly gaining a broader audience.
The 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.42 percent with some analysts contending the decline was a response to current events.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index briefly topped 2,000 before closing a bit shy of the mark following a meeting of central bankers in Jackson Hole, Wyo., last weekend.
The running track atop the school building provides enough play and exercise space for 1,600 students at a time, the school’s principal told Chinese radio.
The offering tested the appetite of investors for yet another midsize lender, in a year that has seen many seek public listings.
Alibaba’s founder spoke of building his company and creating jobs, Bill George writes in an Another View column. “They call me ‘Crazy Jack,’” Mr. Ma said. “I hope to stay crazy for the next 30 years.”
Nearly a year after President Xi Jinping announced that China’s economy would increasingly be guided by market forces, many foreign companies are finding life more difficult.
Alibaba soared in its public market debut. | Siemens agreed to buy the Dresser-Rand Group. | EMC weighed a deal with H.P. | Public pension funds may be souring on hedge funds.
Loaves, fishes, and inflation.
Banco Santander posted second-quarter net income of €1.45 billion, or about $1.95 billion, outpacing the €1.05 billion it earned in the same period in 2013 as it benefited from an improving economic environment.
Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin sat down with The Times’s John Harwood to discuss his antipoverty proposal, the performance of Congress and his political future.
Why you shouldn’t take anti-Keynesians seriously.
From sports to commerce, Britain embraces “Wimbledonization,” the idea that no matter the outcome, it is much better to have all the players on its home turf.
In a Q. and A., Porter Erisman, a former Alibaba vice president who made a documentary about the company, discusses life at Alibaba’s early days and working with Jack Ma.
JPMorgan Chase’s results exceed analyst expectations even as the bank grappled with lackluster revenue from trading and a slowdown in mortgage lending.
Opinions on the Afghanistan compromise, German surveillance, fortifying the highway fund and Chicago football’s impact on the brain.
Why have states like Indiana managed to create accessible resources for busy and struggling parents while others are stuck in the dark ages?
The New York Fed finds fault with Deutsche Bank’s financial reporting procedures and oversight. | New laws are needed for a new Gilded Age. | Big lenders are devising low-fee banking services intended for customers with troubled finances. | William A. Ackman’s presentation on Herbalife fell short of expectations.
AbbVie agreed on Friday to buy the Irish drug maker Shire for around $54 billion. | Alibaba has pushed its I.P.O. to September. | Growth in wealth management bolstered Morgan Stanley’s second-quarter profit. | New York State’s top financial regulator has proposed regulations for virtual currency companies.
How well do you know Wall Street’s second-quarter earnings results?
E-commerce in India is attracting buyers in a society where Internet access is increasing, and international investors are starting to take note.
A court has ruled that unless Argentina settles a debt dispute with a hedge fund, it is barred from paying its main bondholders.
Through a partnership with the Bitcoin exchange start-up Vaurum, the venture capitalist intends to make the coins available for use in emerging markets.
The siren song of the luxe life compels Kia owners to test-drive Teslas, but Sample Nation beware: The cosmetic companies are onto us.
The when and what kind of tests depend on the state, but make sure your children take the tutorial about using the computer.
Finance ministers from the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum are meeting Tuesday and Wednesday in Beijing. Sudhir Shetty of the World Bank looks at the issues.
Building wealth through home equity doesn’t have the gloss it used to, but some areas are still promising.
It promises to get rid of a loophole that helps big multinationals — but, wait, here comes another to replace it.
The British writer John Lanchester demystifies the financial world in “How to Speak Money: What the Money People Say — And What It Really Means.”
Japan overlooks the merits of its own culture out of a blinding insecurity about its international standing.
Hekkie Budler is preparing to defend the two belts he holds in the minimumweight division, the lightest sanctioned classification in boxing.
Can China continue its torrid pace of economic growth for decades to come? The long arc of history suggests not, according to a paper by Harvard’s Lant Pritchett and Lawrence Summers.
We're not Luddites. We just don't like cowboy capitalism.
All seven teams taking part in the nine-leg sailing race that starts Saturday are using identical boats produced in the same British shipyard.
Too many finance ministers and central bankers are unwilling or ill prepared to respond to a world economy on the verge of a recession.
Vicente Carrillo Fuentes, who was arrested in the northern city of Torreon, is accused of running the Juarez ring with an eye for killing and a thirst for allies.
The eccentric scion of a prominent Dallas family that made a fortune in oil, Mr. Hunt tried and failed to corner the world’s silver market in 1980.
The legislation aims to arm the Putin government with a way to compensate insider businessmen who the West had hoped would convince the Russian leader to reverse his course in Ukraine.
Frightening headlines and regional strife hasn’t slowed international travelers, whose numbers continue to rise.
The decline in oil prices is no accident. What’s really playing out here?
Urban growth is the real force for change in Lone Star politics.
President Dilma Rousseff emerged on Sunday as the front-runner, but she failed to win a majority of the vote, opening the way for a runoff with Aécio Neves.
Despite a bold speech at the Conservatives’ party convention, the British prime minister still faces a tough road to re-election next year.
Mr. Duvalier returned to Haiti in 2011 after a 25-year exile and continued to defend what human rights workers called one of the most oppressive governments in the Western Hemisphere.
The country’s farming households are expected to bear the brunt as the central bank predicts economic growth of 1.5 percent this year.
A number of countries have gotten rich since the 1970s, but not by following orthodox economic advice.
Voters in one of the European Union’s poorest countries worry that another fragmented Parliament will make it harder to revive growth and tackle corruption.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Based on the XL1 economy concept, the XL Sport concept is powered by the same 197-horsepower 2-cylinder engine used in the Ducati 1199 Superleggera.
The new model year brings changes for vehicles of all types and sizes.
A "frozen conflict" in Ukraine would be the best result for that country, as well as for Russia, the European Union and the global economy.
Margareta Wahlstrom, the top United Nations official on disasters, said the frequency of global hurricanes, flooding and other natural events would continue to rise.
Television highlights.
ChumpCar positions itself as a back-to -the-roots racing series, recalling an era when shade-tree mechanics could take their everyday Pontiacs and MGs, in whatever condition, to a track.
There was a lot of Putin envy going around earlier this year. Oh how things have changed.
Members of the upper house of Parliament are facing outrage over reports that they rejected a proposal to save money on lawmakers’ bubbly.
New books by technology experts examine consumer-ranking techniques in widespread use, but offer different advice on how people might protect themselves.
You surely haven’t heard this in the news, but 2014 was a year in which the federal government showed that it can do some important things very well.
In a case that could raise Title IX and gender-equity issues, Minnesota-Duluth decided to part ways with the highest-paid women’s hockey coach in Division I.
The impact of the currency turmoil on Central and Eastern European nations will depend on how much each country relies on Russian trade and visitors.
Officials and analysts say that the ruble’s nose dive has put pressure on the Russian president to take a more flexible position on Ukraine.
President Obama has again enforced environmental policy by executive action, extending a ban on oil and gas exploration in Bristol Bay, Alaska, home to major fisheries and marine mammals.
The vast majority of Greeks are still experiencing the hardships of reform, with little evidence that the measures are working.
With exports dropping, China and other Asian nations should stimulate domestic demand.
The president said what he heard from voters Tuesday was to “get stuff done,” and he pointed out areas where he thinks agreement could be reached.
Experts question whether the plans that the Continent has sketched out to achieve a 40 percent cut are strong enough to meet its goal.
The 30 percent decline in oil prices in recent months has shaken the solidarity of the 12-member Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Prime Minister David Cameron said he would make Britain a less-attractive place for migrants to seek employment and would try to impose a four-year waiting period for social and welfare benefits.
While formal business plans can still be required to get a loan, more new companies are skipping creating one, considering it a relic of the old economy.
David Cameron's proposed policy to impose quotas on European Union immigrants would have flouted one of the European Union's core principles.
Contractors with billions of dollars at stake could be big losers, but European Union officials said a meeting next week on the project would still take place.
The reason for the government’s sudden shift, analysts say, was that Zaki Bani Rushaid crossed a political line by lashing out at the United Arab Emirates, an ally.
A victory for Ko Wen-je, a physician who has cultivated an outsider image, would be a sharp defeat for Taiwan’s governing party in a city considered its stronghold.
Palestinian security forces were supposed to help build a state. Instead, they’ve become a tool of the occupation.
The Yoox Group, an Italian company that has emerged as a global leader in online luxury, is scrambling to keep ahead in a market it helped invent.
Holiday spending is always closely watched — too closely — as an indicator of the nation’s economic health.
The 1984 Pontiac Fiero made its debut with a captivating design and a midengine layout, but disappointment set in quickly as it developed a reputation for a stiff ride and lackluster quality.
Whose irresponsible behavior is at the core of the region’s slow-motion disaster?
The creator of VKontakte, Russia’s most popular social network, sold his stake and left after clashes with the Putin government.
Shadowed by the violence in neighboring Ukraine, the vote became another fierce contest between the West and Russia for influence in a former Soviet republic.
The move extends Mr. Iovine’s wide reach in entertainment and technology.
As another round of fiscal brinkmanship looms with Republican control of Congress, the impact on tax policy, government programs and the overall economy could be severe.
States and school districts are falling short of their legal obligation to provide children with equal resources regardless of race.
Why America won’t build infrastructure.
Karnes City, a small Texas community enjoying an oil drilling bonanza, is taking a more cautious approach to growth, keeping new businesses like strip clubs at bay.
The latest challenge to the Affordable Care Act could affect the ability of many people to pay for health insurance.
When President Obama visits China on Monday, authorities there are likely to dwell more on his electoral reversals than on the robust American economy, analysts say.
“If I don’t succeed by the end of my term, do you think I will present myself to the French people in 2017?” the French president said.
After President Obama urged the F.C.C. to set tougher net neutrality rules, questions loom about decreased competition and the cost of monitoring.
Veterans should be protected from exploitation by for-profit schools that get government grants.
It was unclear whether the changes marked the start of a shift toward better news on the economics of higher education or just a temporary pause in more worrisome trends.
As Tom Wheeler tries to thread the needle of politics and public policy, he must face down Congress and a technology industry wary of regulations.
Dilma Rousseff defeated a centrist challenger, Aécio Neves, in a tumultuous race marked by accusations of corruption, personal insults and heated debates.
After a five-year surge for stocks, a market forecaster says it’s time for investors to temper expectations.
The de Blasio administration is revamping the city’s welfare system, with plans to dismantle the largest workfare program in the nation.
The American premiere of Netia Jones’s production of “Curlew River” is part of Lincoln Center’s White Light Festival.
Mr. Bae and Mr. Miller arrived Saturday night at a base near Tacoma, Wash., after a secret negotiation by the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr.
When U2 and Apple forcibly gave away the band’s latest album, it was a misstep for a group that has fought to avoid fading into the background of the pop culture landscape.
In the midterm elections, three out of five whites voted for a Republican House candidate. Why does this keep happening?
The United States and China should both be able to meet the stated goals by aggressively pursuing policies that are largely underway, analysts said.
Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the new leader of Jakarta, the capital of the most populous Muslim-majority nation, says his faith and ethnicity are not political handicaps.
The job market is improving. But absent a surge in the pace of improvement, it will still be too weak to withstand raising interest rates.
The Federal Reserve says that more than 30 percent of Americans report irregular incomes that sabotage efforts to budget and save. Unreliable work hours are cited most often.
The pledge, on the heels of an announcement that the United States and China will commit to curbing greenhouse gas emissions, is expected at the Group of 20 summit meeting this weekend.
The legal action focuses on President Obama’s use of executive powers and on how the administration has handled the Affordable Care Act.
Ever since Chairman Mao, every party leader in China has been a best-selling author.
As China seeks to assert itself as the dominant economic power and strategic partner in Asia, President Xi Jinping has visited Australia, New Zealand and Fiji bestowing largess.
The new European trade commissioner said she and her American counterpart were “very, very committed” to move forward with long-stalled talks.
Despite drawbacks, some immigrants working in technology said the president’s actions could make work in the United States easier.
Populist parties are on the rise in Europe, and if the established parties continue to fail the populace, they could move out of the wings into the forefront.
Leaders of the bloc should consider allowing more time for nations to bring government spending in line with European rules, the group’s chief said.
To confront the challenges they face, Western societies in general and America in particular must recover their vigor and fairness.
In a speech, the European Central Bank’s president indicated that further stimulus measures were likely to be taken in a bid to avert deflation.
Changes are adding complexity to customer relationships, but also creating competitive opportunities for brands prepared to adapt.
The swaps, which operate on the barter system, allow people to diversify their pantries while bolstering their relationships with others in their communities.
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions is simply another step in the transition to cleaner energy.
BuzzFeed, Gawker, The Huffington Post and others offer fellowships that they say are above internships, but the lines are blurring at many media companies.
An offshoot of the sharing economy, virtual villages are popping up all over the country to offer older adults access to resources and social connections that help them age in place.
As property costs in the city continue to soar, even once improbable living spaces — such as so-called microflats — are getting snapped up at astronomical prices.
President Obama has thrown his support behind the idea that Internet access is more like access to electricity than to cable TV.
Should tensions with the West over Ukraine persist, the pipeline could be used to divert energy supplies, currently headed to Europe, to Asia.
Television highlights.
For 2015, BMW is offering an X3 with a turbo diesel engine for $1,500 more than the base gasoline-burning turbo 4.
A standoff began earlier this year when Kurdish officials angered Baghdad by exporting oil produced in their region directly to Turkey and not through the Iraqi Oil Ministry.
Striking back at a critic of Russian capitalism by putting a dead man on trial.
The pipeline would add to the ruin caused by the mining of the tar sands.
More needs to be done to confront the Islamic State — a danger to the country’s survival as well as to its assertion that Islam is a peaceful faith.
The success of Amy de Castro’s venture illustrates the opportunities available to the watch business in South Africa, and the challenges it faces.
The Markit purchasing managers’ index slipped to 51.4 in November, from 52.1 in October, but stayed above 50, indicating expansion.
Expecting a receptive audience, President Obama instead pared down a speech in Chicago on his immigration overhaul as protesters shouted for even more relief.
While presidential elections are shaped largely by economic performance, the largest factor in midterm elections is the president.
Nidaa Tounes has won the largest number of seats in the election, defeating its main rival, the Islamist party Ennahda, according to two analyses of results.
The preliminary results solidified the authority of a government that, despite European backing, has been unable to suppress a pro-Russian separatist movement.
Germany, France and Britain are among 51 participants in the accord, but Switzerland is hesitant and the United States prefers to follow its own path.
British officials said the delay amounted to the halving of a payment of 2.1 billion euros, but ministers of other European countries said Britain would end up paying the full amount.
Twenty-five years after the wall fell, the whole city is vibrant and booming. So why do Berliners still feel divided?
Ed Gillespie, the Republican candidate in Virginia who surprised nearly everyone by running a photo-finish race with Senator Mark R. Warner, conceded on Friday, saying the gap of 16,700 votes was too great to make up in a recount.
The Federal Reserve chairwoman, speaking in Paris, appeared to disagree with critics who have questioned the rigor of a recent eurozone audit.
Would you quit one job before finding the next? Amid upheaval in many industries, many millennials are saying yes.
What is the pipeline, what would it do, who wants to build it and why is it the subject of so much debate?
The home improvement retailer, the target of a cyberattack affecting as many as 56 million customers, beat analysts’ expectations with $1.5 billion in net earnings.
Lower-priced fuels and metals are providing a windfall — and a cause for worry.
The chances for a comprehensive permanent accord that would limit the country’s nuclear program must be kept alive.
The Federal Reserve Board met with about 30 workers and activists at its headquarters on Friday in a gesture of concern for struggling Americans.
Mr. Bendukidze, a biologist and later a wealthy businessman in the final years of the Soviet Union, became an architect of economic and governmental changes in his native Georgia.
New smartphone-connected devices use a car’s diagnostic port to help drivers track fuel usage, troubleshoot mechanical problems, find parking and more.
More than $250 billion a year will pour into renewable energy generation, two-thirds of Asia’s power investment, but the use of fossil fuels is also growing.
Minutes of the October meeting of Federal Reserve policy makers indicate they see little reason to change course and expect steady economic and job growth to continue.
Moscow City was envisioned as a hub of emerging market finance, but Russia’s recent sanctions and economic troubles have kept buildings largely empty.
The Virginia Democrat formed an exploratory committee for 2016, while recognizing the odds against him.
Secularism in schools has been undergoing a transformation that signals a reticence on the part of the government to separate religion from politics.
The way Matteo Renzi plays his hand will affect the way the European Central Bank and the rest of the European Union play their cards.
Sometimes debt relief is in everybody’s interest, but policy makers only seem interested in moral indignation.
Leaders of the International Monetary Fund said that high debt in China and a lack of spending in Europe, among other factors, could provoke a market convulsion.
The negotiations set to begin on Friday will address changing the electoral system, but some students expressed disappointment at the narrow range of the planned talks.
The Hindu right wing seeks, ominously, to rewrite a nation's history.
The project to build the country’s first nuclear power plant since the mid-1990s could encourage companies to build more such sites.
A Colorado resort executive helps prepare a training program for workers to help improve relations with consumers.
With new signs of economic trouble emerging, what has been a guiding European economic principle for several years is facing open revolt.
The Texas Auto Writers Association awards Truck of Texas title to the 2015 Ford F-150; Johan de Nysschen defends Cadillac’s New York move in an op-ed.
The Iranians have signaled that they would accept a “suspension” of the stringent sanctions that have cut their oil revenues and terminated their banking relationships with the West.
Joko Widodo, who was sworn in as president on Monday, comes into office with no foreign policy experience, but will now be sharing a stage with the world’s most powerful leaders.
With the 2015 Colorado, Chevrolet is betting there are buyers who want the utility of a full-size pickup in a somewhat smaller package.
Multiemployer pension plans, often involving unionized workers, were once common in industries like coal mining, trucking and construction. But they’re running out of money.
No, Obamacare wasn’t a mistake. Democrats should be celebrating that they did the right thing.
For German women, there is little reason to think the proposed policy will make any real difference.
The recent high-profile deaths of black people at the hands of police officers have exposed sharp differences about race relations in unexpected and often uncomfortable ways.
It is still too soon to say with any confidence that the labor market has found its footing.
Hoarding gold is the economy’s comfort food.
There are no facts, only interpretations, Nietzsche said, and there was good evidence of that this past week, from Staten Island to Russia.
The Philippines, taking the brunt of disastrous typhoons, is now challenging every nation to embrace emissions reductions.
The prime minister struggles to get the country to change its ways.
A year after it was fully in place, the Affordable Care Act has largely succeeded in delivering on President Obama’s main promises, even as it fell short in some ways and gave birth to a new and powerful conservative movement.
Across the country, 16 percent of prime-age men are not working. Examine non-employment rates for every Census tract.
A new data set suggests that more than three million people would have gained health insurance across 24 states if the Supreme Court had ruled differently.
Jacob J. Lew discussed the impact of oil prices and sanctions on Russia, saying there’s a “perfect storm” of pressures on the country’s economy.
A new data set provides a clearer picture of which people gained health insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
Americans take less time off than they’ve earned. Wouldn’t it be great if we could take just one more day?
Between 2003 and 2012, $6.6 trillion was secretly and illegally funneled out of developing and emerging economies by entities that may have been involved in crime, corruption and tax evasion, according to one study.
A ride with an ethnic Han Chinese woman in the city of Karamay was a reminder of the frictions that have accompanied the economic drive in the oil-rich region of Xinjiang.
Unfinished business will make December a busy month.
The Financial Stability Oversight Council said it deemed MetLife systemically important because of its size, leverage and interconnectedness with other financial institutions.
Introducing the BlackBerry Classic. How a Papa John’s franchisee went from driver to owner. Are these the five best business leaders of 2014?
Two fast-imploding bond issues from Ecuador and Russia are leaving prominent creditors, including BlackRock and Franklin Templeton, in their wakes.
Good Friday morning from Washington, where offices will be clearing out early for the start of the Nationals’ playoff run, Mitt Romney reveals a family man-crush, and the president is keeping in close touch with health officials in Texas.
Just 24 percent of respondents to a Pew Research Center poll correctly picked Janet L. Yellen as the Fed’s chairwoman from a list of four names.
Outsourcing jobs became the focus of the Senate debate on Tuesday night in Georgia.
People sometimes miss that outrage and resistance are guided by love, and the desire to bring honor to life brutally taken.
Democrats have not been able to capitalize on recent positive economic news.
Democrats still have a chance to hold the Senate, but it won’t be easy.
Job growth in October kept pace with the gains for the year, adding 214,000 jobs and giving the Democrats a small victory.
The final debate in the Louisiana Senate race delivered few surprises.
Kyle Massey, an assistant news editor, explains the naming convention used for unpublished articles.
A group backed by the billionaire Koch brothers is shifting tactics in several of the most competitive Senate races and will begin more direct and aggressive attacks on Democratic candidates.
President Obama spoke about manufacturing in a speech Friday to workers at the Millennium Steel Service Company in Princeton, Ind.
Friday’s surprisingly robust jobs report may be too little too late for Democratic candidates to make up ground for the midterms, but it could help President Obama’s party by 2016.
Ocwen should look at Clayton Homes, whose credo puts customers first, writes Lawrence A. Cunningham in Another View.
Some basic, unreadable discussion.
Business schools are struggling to adapt to the new realities of a digital economy. What are the best skills and training for leadership in the future?
Risks abound for ordinary citizens who are piling into the stock markets at a pace not seen since 2007.
James Stewart and Peter Eavis reached out to scores of people who had been part of the New York Fed’s operations in 2008 to produce a Page 1 article about the fall of Lehman Brothers.
After four years of twisting arms in Congress, Wall Street may have finally found the opportune moment to reshape financial regulation.
Why aren’t these video stores dead? Amazon introduces a make-an-offer service. And a study puts a price on fake advertising clicks.
“We’re going to continue to press his nomination forward,” Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew said. He also spoke about corporate taxes and sanctions on Russia.
Why one business owner thinks “Shark Tank” is terrible for businesses. There will be no Internet sales tax for another year. And nine reasons business owners hate the holidays.
The ruble, down more than oil.
The hiring of Mr. Sants is a coup for Oliver Wyman, which is not as large or as well known outside of the United States as rival McKinsey is in the consulting industry.
Readers vented frustration with the political system — and cheered Elizabeth Warren‘s combative rhetoric against the status quo — in reaction to a David Brooks column, “Warren Can Win.”
So far eight states, including Utah, have investigated Zenefits. Three have cleared it; decisions are pending in four others
Ms. Shapiro, who has directed several acclaimed productions, will take over next fall from Martha Lavey, Steppenwolf’s longtime leader.
The African nation is abuzz with rumors that the 90-year-old president, Robert Mugabe, is grooming his wife to succeed him.
Surpluses for all!
A guide to co-working in New York. If you want to be a great leader, start acting weirder. Why millions of new blue-collar jobs will open up over the next few years.
Both the company being spun off and the parent company usually see an increase in profit, studies show. And, experts say, investors like spinoffs, too.
Why did Wall Street support a change in derivatives contracts that limits its rights? It is in banks’ interest to wind down a failing firm in an orderly way. But banks still benefit, even with the change.
How to transfer money through Twitter. How to get the most out of Yelp. Is this the hottest real estate start-up in New York City?
In the midterm elections, with the top Democrat in the country on the bench, other big names have joined the political battle, but will those efforts make any difference?
Sub-Saharan countries have raised nearly $7 billion this year, more than in all of 2013, and yields on many bonds have fallen, even with the Ebola outbreak.
Most European banks pass stress test. | Steven Ballmer could claim huge tax benefits on his Los Angeles Clippers deal. | William A. Ackman’s outsize bets. | Court ruling disarms shareholders.
The results of the European Central Bank’s examination of banks show that regulators did a fairly competent job of bolstering Europe’s financial footing, analysts say.
A cautionary tale no more.
The actor and advocate discusses his forthcoming movie, “Shelter.”
Five ways to monitor employee social media activities. Where fast-food workers make $20 an hour. And how to spot the résumé of a psychopath.
The real estate market in St. Martin continues to rebound after stagnating during the worldwide economic downtown in 2008; oceanfront property is the hardest to come by.
Donald Maloney, 60, who hailed from a family of New York mariners, died when his vessel, the Sea Bear, sank along the South Shore of Long Island.
The S.U.V. is built on the chassis of the F-150 pickup and has replaced its V8 with a more powerful EcoBoost V6.
Weary of the 24-second cycle of Internet memes and viral distractions, some willingly brave the social cost of seeming out of touch.
Climate change and local waste and mismanagement have led to an alarmingly rapid depletion of Pakistan’s water supply, the minister for water and energy said.
For America to supply Kiev with weapons would only make Russia a more reckless adversary.
Backers of “Something Rotten!,” “It Shoulda Been You” and “Hand to God” hope jokes (and puppet sex) will fill the seats.
A federal judge will determine if a provision of the company’s July 2009 bankruptcy agreement shields it from lawsuits over a defective ignition switch.
The 4-year-old girl, Adele Biton, died after severe pneumonia that relatives said was complicated by neurological trauma caused by the attack.
The crash in oil prices has devastated an economy already severely weakened by corruption at the top.
When it comes to learning, there’s a thin line between luxury and necessity.
Quirky, a company that uses crowdsourcing to create and refine products, could be a model for bringing ideas to market in a faster, more efficient way.
Three months before Britain's general election, a comedian has provided some welcome relief to the campaigns.
A presidential election between a lousy incumbent and a former autocratic leader was postponed because of fears over the safety of voters, but that may not help matters.
Greek debt and the lessons of history.
“Vivacious Lady” is a good place to start when contemplating the charms of Ginger Rogers.
Local officials see Western travel warnings as a reason for the collapse of tourism and hope that they will not become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Markus Nierth, 46, the mayor of Tröglitz, stepped down after the authorities declined to block a far-right demonstration outside his home.
A meeting next week between Greece’s prime minister and Russia’s president raises questions as European leaders said a reform plan had fallen short.
The new listing is the biggest in Asia so far this year as brokerage firms’ shares rise along with the boom.
OAS is the third big Petrobras subcontractor to request a bankruptcy court’s protection as an investigation into a pay-for-play scheme continues.
Inequality, robots, secular stagnation and the role of the Federal Reserve are all topics we’d love to know his thoughts on. Also, baseball.
Sunday’s election was seen as a rebuke of the Socialists, who were ousted from long-held seats, and were left uncertain about how to regain popular support.
Suddenly, the country is dominating the sport.
Bold action, by America in particular, could make a big difference in saving the country's young democracy.
The Hedge Clippers activist group works to publicize the ways hedge funds bleed the economy through self-interested practice, then extend the damage through the lavish purchase of political influence.
The next president has to take on Boko Haram.
On his last full day as Texas governor, Mr. Perry reflected on his 14 years in office and said he would decide within five months whether to run for president.
To avoid a disastrous Greek exit from the eurozone, refinance its debt.
The radical left party Syriza should be able to reach a deal with Greece's European creditors to avoid bankruptcy.
With a presidential election only weeks away, Boko Haram’s unchecked rampaging is helping to propel a former military ruler to the forefront.
European leaders must hear the unambiguous message from voters: Greeks will not continue to abide by the austerity regime.
The government said it would cut $8.3 billion, sharply reducing the budget of the state oil company and effectively canceling a bullet train project at the center of a conflict-of-interest scandal.
The city’s desegregation program, built on a voluntary school transfer plan and a vibrant system of magnet schools, should inspire politicians in New York.
Companies from Uber to Airbnb are rating their customers on degrees of promptness and politeness, but who owns the data that details good and bad behavior?
President Obama’s self-assured State of the Union address Tuesday reflected his sense of being liberated and emboldened, White House aides said.
Hundreds of program providers have seized on a growing interest in interning abroad, adding numerous bells and whistles that cost students.
A small group of wealthy philanthropists will give the money to various groups with a regional focus that will guide states in reducing warming gases from electricity generation.
Economic forces, not OPEC, now set prices.
Buoyant in defeat, President Obama ascends to the mountaintop to throw thunderbolts at Republicans.
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida are in all-out battle this weekend to tap into the billion-dollar donor network once harnessed by Mitt Romney.
The defeat of the Islamist militants suggests that momentum in the nearly six-year war against Boko Haram may finally be shifting.
Other events this week include results of E.U. hearings on a trade agreement, an opinion on a quantitative easing plan in Europe and retail and food-services sales figures in the United States.
A selection of inexpensive bottles that won’t be found on the main highways of wine.
At issue is not whether the bank buys bonds of eurozone governments, but how the program is designed and whether it is seen as credible.
China will release its fourth-quarter growth on Monday night, and on Thursday the European Central Bank is expected to start its bond-buying program; IBM and General Electric will report results.
On Monday, automakers reported strong December and annual sales, and on Friday, the Labor Department will report on job creation and unemployment.
Practical brides take to renting or selling their gowns.
President Obama’s proposal to make community college tuition-free could be crucial in the information age. It needs to be taken seriously.
In the fixed-income market, 2014 was frustrating only for bond bears who have been waiting since 2009 for interest rates to rise.
Prokhorov, who owns 80 percent of the team and 45 percent of its arena, would have a chance to turn his $223 million investment into a profit of $1 billion or more.
The problem is especially urgent in Buffalo, where federal officials are promoting minority access to the better parts of a dysfunctional system.
Restrict it through the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Economic leaders made the 2008 financial crisis worse through a combination of misinterpreted history and missed opportunities, a new book argues.
What the occupation of a Belgrade theater shows about the relationship between capital and culture.
Why, despite President Obama’s moves toward greater regulation of Internet providers, cable companies’ share prices have continued to go up.
A rewilding of the land permits, if we choose, a partial rewilding of our own lives.
President Obama will use his State of the Union address Tuesday to call on Congress to raise taxes and fees on the wealthiest taxpayers to finance the tax cuts, administration officials said on Saturday.
The Federal Reserve is playing a mind game — but with enormous real-world consequences. 
Athens promised to go after wealthy tax evaders, but that’s the easy part. What’s harder is reshaping tycoons’ domination of parts of the economy.
A wave of explosions killed a passer-by and wounded at least nine other people early Thursday morning across the Nile from Cairo, raising alarms about a pattern of attacks by diffuse groups against retail stores.
The Fed, not the White House, typically holds the reins. But is this time different?
Rents for prime offices in Tokyo continued to rise in November from October, but in Osaka they were flat, and those in all other major cities fell.
Reporters in Boston, Los Angeles, Washington and San Francisco describe the local mind-set as the U.S.O.C. decides which finalist to back as a potential host city. The Games will be awarded in 2017.
The euro's continued plunge, to a nine-year low against the dollar, came on the same day that global oil prices also resumed their descent.
Habib Essid served in a variety of government positions under the autocratic President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali, who was ousted in 2011.
Why the N.F.L.’s savvy capitalists threaten to move to Los Angeles.
Which candidates are true reformers, and which are just giving reform lip service?
Ms. Yellen said the next step would be an announcement that the Federal Reserve would begin to consider raising its benchmark rate at each policy-making meeting.
The European Commission said it recommended what amounted to a two-year extension for France to cut its deficit, which exceeds a 3 percent ceiling.
The Conservative Political Action Conference has added question–and-answer periods to satisfy a desire for White House aspirants to move beyond the red meat of their stump speeches.
Purchasing managers reported improvement in demand, leading companies to add workers at the fastest pace since 2011, according to Markit Economics.
The report defines which problems need urgent attention, and what can be accomplished under the current administration.
Republicans are scrambling to outmuscle one another on national security issues, potentially imperiling the candidacy of Senator Rand Paul, who favors a more restrained approach.
Other business stories to look for in the coming week include Comcast’s fourth-quarter earnings and an F.C.C. vote on net neutrality.
Bigger businesses, more innovation and foreign investment are the key. But Syriza seems to be against all that.
At a hearing, the Federal Reserve chairwoman defended the Fed’s actions and warned against proposals to constrain its independence.
Guidance from the Federal Reserve and corporations could help investors who are concerned with what will happen to their money, but there is little evidence it has been useful.
“Dynamic scoring” is the wrong way to estimate government revenues.
In doing “whatever it takes” to save the eurozone, the head of the European Central Bank now risks dividing it.
The feminist mantra that never was.
If it doesn’t invest in newcomers, family and work, it’s doomed.
Families who rely on it make themselves poorer, so isn’t that true of nations? No, it isn’t.
A new study found that when it rains or snows, employees performing menial tasks work more rapidly and accurately.
The case against the former International Monetary Fund chief appeared to fall apart when five of the six plaintiffs retracted their accusations against him.
The vehicle, which shares its architecture with the Buick Encore, is like a small hatchback dressed in North Face gear.
The move toward embracing deeper capital markets shows a sentiment in financial circles that regulators and policy makers should shift their focus to encouraging market growth.
The West has underestimated the recruiting appeal of the jihadists' savage propaganda videos.
Some officials were concerned that raising rates prematurely might threaten the apparent economic recovery.
Touring a lush region of New Mexico, where a fight over oil exploration could change the valley’s face forever.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said he did not think punitive measures imposed on Iran would be lifted as part of his country’s nuclear talks with world powers.
A hugely popular annual program featuring folkloric figures is embraced for its light, but sharp, mockery of official misdoings.
Did a recent political battle over a promise to provide sufficient energy to the masses show that South Africa had nudged bigger issues aside? Not quite.
The political adviser reflects on his years with Barack Obama.
One defector's lies shouldn't distract from Pyongyang's atrocities.
In the dead of night, a professor confronts forces he can’t explain.
The world’s largest steel maker felt the effects of a sharp fall in iron ore prices, and its rival ThyssenKrupp posted a modest profit.
Cairo’s airstrike against the Islamic State could endanger the United Nations’ fragile peace effort.
Prime Minister Li Keqiang lowered the country’s yearly target for economic growth and announced efforts to reduce China’s dependence on government-led infrastructure investment, heavy industry and low-end exports.
They simply bolster Vladimir Putin's popularity while undermining those Russians who want to modernize their country.
An army of workers has been holed up for days in a subterranean space, proofreading and preparing to print 10,000 copies of what many hope will be a momentous and politically risky plan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal may go far beyond issues like tariffs and quotas. Lawmakers have a responsibility to give negotiators clear instructions.
Donations to the Clinton Foundation from nations with poor records on women’s rights are causing problems for a candidate expected to run in part as the embodiment of women’s aspirations.
Employment figures will come on Monday for the eurozone, and on Friday for the United States; automakers will report their February sales.
With deep problems very apparent at the state prison, the Justice Department should examine the case of a savage beating of an inmate in August 2011.
China’s central bank made the announcement on its website, saying that the one-year bank lending rate would drop 0.25 percentage point to 5.35 percent.
The former mayor of New York suggests that the Obama administration negotiate directly with Canada on a climate pact.
The underlying challenges facing black workers are unlikely to be solved by monetary policy.
The transcripts from 2009 show more than just how some of the nation’s top economic policy makers arrived at their decisions.
Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, has tried to forge a deal between the parties to push the Trans Pacific Partnership.
The president’s senior adviser and confidante on immigration, working with Republicans and whether she’s the Democratic Dick Cheney.
Investors are showing increased interest in avoiding companies that clash with their beliefs and in putting money into projects that could do some good, whatever the return.
The shift on the left from human capital progressivism to redistributionist progressivism is potent, damaging and based on a misinterpretation of the data.
The killing of Boris Y. Nemtsov leaves Russia’s critics at a crossroads over whether and how they take a role in the nation’s political life.
Welcome to President Maduro's hall of mirrors of economic mismanagement.
In an interview aired on Sunday, President Obama said gaps still existed in reaching what he termed an “extraordinarily reasonable deal,” but he hinted his optimism despite concerns about the terms at home and in Israel.
This story ran in The New York Times Magazine on May 30, 1965, almost three months after the attacks on demonstrators at the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Ala.
Athens is coming up with radical ways to fill its shortfall as it nears a deadline to meet financial obligations, including wiring tourists, students and housekeepers to catch tax evaders.
The Fed should continue to hold off on raising rates until wages are growing in tandem with inflation and productivity.
There is growing demand for new warehouse and distribution space near the nation’s fourth-largest container port.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras says the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development will help Greece create jobs and cut bureaucracy.
Demonstrators marching toward the central bank in Frankfurt set cars on fire in a rally against European austerity programs and capitalism.
February’s Consumer Price Index data will be released on Tuesday. Later in the week, Facebook will hold its annual conference for app developers and Janet L. Yellen will speak in San Francisco.
As foreign investors clamored for a piece of China’s real estate boom, it was easy to overlook the type of risk that brought down the property developer Kaisa.
A new enforcement program would attempt to track fish from where they were caught to how they were shipped.
President Dilma Rousseff, who has been an underwhelming leader, would be wise to spend more energy looking outward.
Elections are generally won and lost on fundamentals, like the economy and demographics. But that is not to say that campaigns don’t matter — they do.
A conference meant to showcase President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi’s economic reforms also included signs of his government’s continued dependence on the monarchies that aided his rise to power.
Even with a college degree, opportunities are still scarce.
Discussions about a new loan agreement seem to be going even worse than expected.
Stewart F. Lane and Bonnie Comley have lived in their duplex for some 18 years.
The long, biracial history of “We Shall Overcome.”
The prospect of paying for water, which many see as yet another new tax at a time when the government has assured them that austerity is over, has prompted mass protests.
The conflict so far is actually bolstering the U.S.-led international order.
The 40 percent gain in the dollar's value against the Colombian peso since July has given buyers and renters with dollars some added purchasing power.
The European authorities arrested 77 people accused of running a network smuggling in immigrants from Kosovo to countries in Western Europe.
The new show, on the National Geographic Channel, can be thought of as data-mining television.
The men had been having a dispute over the future of two state-owned companies in which the governor owned a minority stake.
The West is not alone in struggling to understand why young men like Islam Yaken, raised in homes that would never condone violence, are joining the Islamic State.
With winter weather more unpredictable in many parts of the world, companies offering tours through ice and snow find an uneven effect on business.
Excerpts from and analysis of rules and explanations released by the Federal Communications Commission regarding an Open Internet.
Britain's economy expanded at a faster pace than previously thought at the end of last year, helped by strong growth in exports.  With just five weeks to go until a closely-fought national election, the news could boost the government's chances. Ciara Lee reports.
After several years of growth in excess of 10 percent, car sales in Russia shrank in 2014 due to Russia's sanctions-hit economy. As Sonia Legg reports, many auto makers are being forced to restructure their Russian operations.
America’s energy hub prays for the cost of gasoline to rise.
The debate over stimulus vs. austerity misses the point.
Even excluding the $25 billion Alibaba offering, a phenomenon in its own right, the value of worldwide initial public offerings was up nearly 36 percent over 2013.
The author discusses how China has avoided the instability that urbanization has brought to many other countries around the world.
Argentina made an informal offer to settle a debt dispute with a group of New York hedge funds, but the country is still asking the bondholders to accept less than they are seeking.
Japanification has already happened.
While the report from the state-run news agency Xinhua on the dismissal of the Nanjing party chief, Yang Weize, provided little detail, other Chinese news outlets are filling in the gaps.
Business and political leaders called on governments to set clear goals so companies are prompted to act before the problems of climate change become irreversible.
A series of investments by some of the tech industry’s biggest companies may sound odd, but they point to larger ambitions in moving giant amounts of data.
Should students have a right to higher education, the way they now have a right to elementary and secondary education?
Maybe, back when we had so much more of it, I left enough money in a coat pocket to buy the gallon of milk I can’t afford now.
The company is part of the so-called on-demand economy, start-up companies that let customers order anything — food, cars, alcohol — and have it delivered directly to their homes in hours.
Confidence!
Eighteen percent said government leadership was the nation’s most important problem.
It’s all about the nagging.
Legal expenses declined in the fourth quarter of 2014, but the bank struggled with difficult trading conditions.
The bond market is flashing warning signs as higher prices create lower yields.
The new Senate majority leader said “the uptick appears to coincide” with “the expectation of a new Republican Congress.”
Mark Carney, the governor of the Bank of England, says the measures regulators have taken to strengthen the banking system will protect the global economy, but some skeptics remain.
Mark Carney said he supported the European Central Bank’s decision to buy bonds to stimulate the European economy. At home, he faces a different situation.
Fading growth and falling prices will overwhelm the stimulus from central banks, says Andy Mukherjee of Reuters Breakingviews.
Goldman Sachs’s investments are testing the Volcker Rule. | The European Central Bank is expected to announce it will begin its bond-buying program. | Uber closes $1.6 billion in financing from clients of Goldman’s private wealth arm. | Regulators address “too big to fail.”
Bank of America reports uninspiring fourth-quarter results. | New York’s attorney general seeks expanded reporting on data breaches. | A strategy in the fight over Dodd-Frank. | BlackBerry’s stock goes on a wild ride.
Profit rose 2 percent, to $5.71 billion, and revenue increased 4 percent as the bank continued to lend more money and decrease the amount it set aside to cover soured loans.
The delay in the I.P.O. comes as emerging market companies have suffered as investors fear slowing growth, even though low oil prices are helping airlines.
Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Jodi Kantor, Patrick LaForge and others.
Falling profits on crude oil are likely to leave some companies unable to repay loans, and the banks that have exuberantly extended credit to them may feel the pinch.
Yahoo plans to spin off its stake in Alibaba. | The outcome of the fight over DuPont could define shareholder activism. | U.S. strengths are hurting American multinational corporations. | Thieves steal gold nuggets from Wells Fargo museum.
Exercise can help keep the pounds off after weight loss, and weight training may be particularly beneficial, a new study shows.
The partnership will provide financing for U.S. manufacturers to buy products and supplies through Alibaba.com.
President Obama’s budget calls for a lower overall tax rate, but also for a one-time 14 percent tax on all cash sitting overseas.
The ride-hailing service is partnering with Carnegie Mellon University, a hotbed for research in robotics and other artificial intelligence.
Even in the final months of the Civil War, Southern whites were buying and selling human beings.
The Chinese leader is determined to shield the country from the fate of the Soviet Union, but his approach is fraught with danger, according to the Harvard scholar.
A new report drives home just how excessive Wall Street bonuses are.
William Julius Wilson was right.
Warren E. Buffett’s annual letter to shareholders seemed to amp up the pugnacity against the financial industry. | JPMorgan’s business tilts toward the consumer side. | Barclays posts an annual loss. | Britain’s elite are still benefiting from an old tax law.
“Those kinds of restrictive practices, I think, would, ironically, hurt the Chinese economy over the long term,” President Obama said of China’s regulations on foreign technology companies.
The rules, among other things, require companies that sell computer equipment to Chinese banks to turn over secret source code, submit to invasive audits and build so-called back doors into hardware and software.
In a wide-ranging interview, Sebastião Salgado discusses a new documentary that tracks his path from childhood in Brazil to witnessing some of the greatest stories of his age.
Growth under Democrats? Inconceivable!
S.&P.’s settlement leaves the future unclear for ratings. | A lesson for deal makers. | Smucker announces it will buy Big Heart Pet Brands. | Staples and Office Depot are in advanced talks to combine.
The police arrested about a dozen people and used pepper spray to subdue hundreds of protesters who had gathered in a mall to accost shoppers from across the border.
The nation’s biggest banks pass the Fed’s latest stress tests. | AbbVie goes on the defensive after deal for cancer drug maker. | Bidders show interest in the government’s third Bitcoin auction. | Nasdaq’s long climb back to 5,000.
Critical elements of Puerto Rico’s plan to avert financial disaster are in jeopardy, after a federal judge struck down a law that allowed the government to restructure certain debts.
A panel of experts finds too many risks in techniques for blocking sunlight to justify this method in countering global warming.
How is this supposed to happen, exactly?
We seem eager to sprinkle math-related terms as liberally as possible in our prose, but casual usage is more likely to suggest fuzziness or even laziness than rigor and precision.
Intellectual and moral decline.
Slavery and oppression of nonwhites were built into the foundations of the United States, and they didn’t end in 1865.
Sesame Credit Management will use data on online spending habits to try make credit more easily available to millions of consumers across China.
What associations do you have with the idea of “community college”? Who, if anyone, do you know who has been to a community college? What was the experience like for that person? Would you consider attending one?
The success story nobody believes in.
European officials hand Athens an ultimatum. | A shifting roster at Preet Bharara’s elite Wall Street unit. | Liberty Global is reported to be a takeover target. | The government is being secretive about its decision to expropriate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac earnings.
Some surprising good news.
The online bazaar Etsy files its first I.P.O. prospectus. | AbbVie scoops up Pharmacyclics. | What to know about the bank stress tests. | Britain’s Serious Fraud Office is investigating the Bank of England.
Can batteries spark a clean-energy revolution? A new book says, maybe.
Opponents of the Trans-Pacific Partnership seem afraid to find out what will actually be in the agreement.
A vote halted consideration of legislation granting President Obama “fast track” power to complete a major trade accord with 11 nations in the Pacific Rim.
The president took part in a panel discussion held at a conference on poverty hosted by Georgetown University.
The move follows approval of a separate bill that would crack down on currency manipulation, an issue clouding prospects for a Pacific trade accord.
The move is a result of the strength of the Russian currency, which is up 21 percent this year, and will limit its rise.
The proposal, which has not been finalized and requires national governments’ approval, is being supported by Germany and Mediterranean member states.
Both countries insisted that King Salman of Saudi Arabia was not snubbing President Obama by skipping meetings at Camp David, though it seemed to reflect a new reality that the allies are at odds.
The European Union’s foreign policy chief said the bloc was ready to take action against migrant smuggling rings without the approval of the United Nations Security Council.
A holistic planning approach can help reduce portfolio risk and improve returns by showing where tweaks can be made to provide the best mix of holdings, according to an investment management study.
The House, like the Senate, passed a bill barring representation fees or union dues to obtain a job, but the vote was far from enough to override a veto.
South Korea’s spy agency said Gen. Hyon Yong-chol was executed by an antiaircraft gun while hundreds of fellow generals and senior party officials watched, but analysts questioned the authenticity of the report.
Hurt by the sanctions on Russia and the fall of Nokia, the Finnish economy has contracted for two consecutive quarters.
Beji Caid Essebsi has won the trust of many Tunisians with his call for a strong state and a modern secular society.
Central Africa cannot afford to let the president's irresponsible wish for a third term tip the country into ethnic strife.
Baffert has had three horses come within a victory of a Triple Crown sweep, but this year he said his only desire was to win the Kentucky Derby.
ZipCap is testing a system for quantifying customers’ devotion at places like Beezy’s Cafe in Ypsilanti, Mich., and turning it into a monetizable asset.
Across the Americas, governments are increasingly challenging traditional U.S.-led strategies like prohibition and the eradication of crops.
A visit by Secretary of State John Kerry was seen as an olive branch and an acknowledgment that Russia is too important to ignore.
The defiant stand by Yanis Varoufakis in the high-stakes economic negotiations with the E.U. threatens to tear Europe apart.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s recent moves to address labor abuses in the nail salon industry are a respectable start, but the trail of abuse also runs deep in the construction and restaurant worlds.
If the sunny days continue, the state’s sunny temperament may not.
Silicon Valley Bank has maintained a competitive edge among start-ups and venture capitalists by understanding the local culture — jeans and all.
The move by Gov. Jerry Brown comes as California’s drought has reached near-crisis proportions after a winter that brought record-low snowfalls.
Income equality is about bridging the gap between rich and poor. Economic equality is about raising up the poor.
The French conglomerate is trying to revamp the fortunes of the video-sharing website, which has long struggled to live up to its early promise as the next YouTube.
Corruption cases are raising doubts about a country that has been a darling of global finance institutions and exposing figures across the ideological spectrum to scorn.
Companies with past ties to trafficking are building ports, dams and hotels as Myanmar strives to modernize after decades of dictatorial rule.
Dr. Norwood was appointed commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics by Jimmy Carter and held the position, where she oversaw the measurement of economic data, until 1991.
The merger would greatly expand FedEx’s presence in Europe and comes less than two years since European regulators blocked a bid for TNT by UPS.
It might be tempting, but Greece cannot count on Russia to ride to its financial rescue.
The United States has become the landlord to the private club empire Soho House, as part of a deal initially intended to keep a historic building as a space to foster relations with the Middle East.
Joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership would help the country develop and liberalize, and fend off China's ambitions in Asia.
The radical-left government has pretty much exhausted its techniques for squeezing blood from a stone.
Our Web gems this week include a look at how effective your police department is at solving crime and a comic strip that takes on economists.
While agreeing the talks are pivotal, American experts cannot predict the political impact of an accord on Tehran’s complex internal politics.
The proliferation and power of graduate degrees in creative writing have inspired heated scholarly debate. Aspiring novelists, take note.
Working for sharing-economy services can benefit ambitious, educated self-starters, but stifle those who are less adaptable or have less schooling.
The current economic and political crisis raises fears that recent economic gains will be washed down the drain.
The expected mass deportation of Haitian immigrants in the Dominican Republic failed to materialize in the two days after the government’s deadline for them to normalize their status.
A default no longer seems likely to trigger a banking collapse across Europe, but few are eager to test that premise.
This week’s homes include a Spanish Colonial Revival-style in San Clemente, Calif. and a contemporary in Atlanta.
Mohammad Javad Zarif, Iran’s foreign minister, returns to Vienna for an intensive final week of talks after high-level meetings in Tehran.
No one knows for sure why prices recovered Tuesday, but some analysts said investors expected the Chinese government to prop up share prices.
The governor is leery of deals with Iran and Cuba, says one immigration solution is a clampdown on illegal hiring, and opposes same-sex marriage and Common Core.
Kremlin officials, who had lobbied hard against an extension, called it self-defeating and said their countersanctions would be extended in response.
Though youth unemployment hovers just below 25 percent, a proliferation of start-ups in France is putting silver linings among the economic clouds.
The Obama administration said no federal bailout would be coming, but expressed support for a Democrat-led effort in Congress to extend Chapter 9 protection to some of the island’s public entities.
As the T.P.P. moves through Congress, factory workers whose jobs have vanished don’t know who’s looking out for them.
The Korean population in the borough has been declining, and the center, in Bedford Park, which offers translation and other services, has been losing members.
The Russian moves have set off debate over military spending and highlighted how quickly President Vladimir V. Putin has shredded the certainties of the post-Cold War era.
For $1.3 million, a foreigner can obtain a Maltese passport, residency with tax advantages and freedom to move throughout the European Union.
The language was unusually blunt about the consequences of Western powers choosing “the path of confrontation.”
President Vladimir V. Putin moved swiftly to take advantage of a possible thaw in relations over a potential deal curbing Iran’s nuclear ambitions.
The United States and Europe are on different paths to recovery from the 2008 financial crisis. Bad new ideas have perpetuated depression in Europe.
Despite having faced corruption accusations themselves, the men who command Brazil’s scandal-plagued Congress are actually increasing their power over the scandal-plagued president, Dilma Rousseff.
As Hillary Rodham Clinton begins her campaign for the presidency this week, she's starting low-key, but soon she will prefer a focus on issues.
The question now is whether President Obama and his successors can capitalize on the new credibility Washington has earned, primarily through his rapprochement with Havana.
Progressive Field’s concessions adopt a system that converts food waste to energy.
A glance at the Republican candidate’s views on foreign policy, immigration, the environment, same-sex marriage and the economy.
A glance at where Hillary Rodham Clinton, a former secretary of state, stands on foreign policy, climate change, immigration and the economy.
There are more steps the Obama administration can take to strengthen its standing in the region.
The banks should hold enough capital to make bailouts unnecessary.
Our promising future as an E.U. member is being undermined by government eavesdropping and corruption.
His recent nuclear threats inevitably raise tensions and could increase the chances of deadly miscalculations.
Rather than concede any missteps by Athens, Yanis Varoufakis is seeking to assess the flaws of the eurozone.
The $1.5 billion deal is the biggest for LinkedIn in its 12-year history as it continues to expand beyond its core social network.
China has the world’s largest Coast Guard fleet, with more ships than Japan, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines combined, a report shows.
Mr. Benaud, a former captain of Australia, was a uniquely authoritative television voice, explaining the action with dry wit, perception and economy.
Investors can reduce exposure to currency fluctuations by choosing certain types of funds, but some argue it is better to ignore the ups and downs.
Three is not a crowd when faced with New York real estate prices. Some couples find that renting out a spare bedroom is a good way to build up a nest egg.
Margrethe Vestager, the European Union competition commissioner, has brought an assertive approach to the competition ministry since taking over last year.
Europe’s antitrust chief is expected to accuse the search giant of using its dominant position to favor its own services, a case that could force a change in its practices.
In arguing the case for letting in fewer foreigners, the senator ignores the truth that immigration, over all, is good for the American economy.
Minutes of the March policy meeting, and recent comments by Federal Reserve officials, reflect concern that job and inflation goals are unmet.
In accepting the decision of Nigerian voters, Goodluck Jonathan showed unexpected statesmanship.
Until recently, Wednesday night’s slate of local basketball games held little intrigue, but that changed after the Nets’ run of wins and a stabbing involving the Pacers’ Chris Copeland.
In a bright spot in a largely bleak Russian economy, domestic cheese makers are meeting demand for varieties once imported from Europe.
What the Arabs need is time to get their house in order. An accord would give them the opportunity to do so.
The big differences are that Labour would tax the rich more and the Tories might take Britain out of the European Union.
It helps teach us what we don’t know.
Beware those telling you what you want to hear.
A new global deal could give multinationals even more reason to move overseas.
The beatification of an assassinated archbishop is an important marker in the routing of hard-line conservatives in the church.
A law that gives two votes per share to long-term shareholders in French companies, meant to rein in hostile takeovers, could instead shift power to a different set of interests.
The big apparel brands are responsible for improving the lot of all the workers who toil for their bottom line.
African-American lawmakers are feeling the presidential touch as President Obama reaches out for votes on his trade bill.
Egypt is moving away from democracy, stifling freedom of expression and failing to hold the security forces accountable for “arbitrary or unlawful killings,” the administration said.
The Federal Reserve’s practices are the focus of investigations by the Justice Department, the House Financial Services Committee and the Fed’s inspector general.
Citing slower-than-expected economic growth, the International Monetary Fund said early 2016 would be a better time to raise the benchmark rate.
The two French lenders reported stronger net income in the first quarter, as the European economy picked up steam and the European Central Bank began a program of stimulus measures.
The leaders who have been trumpeting Soviet grandeur on the world stage are overseeing its retreat at home.
Recovery will require a large-scale relief package and the support of foreign donors.
According to one estimate, more than one in five owners of hybrid and electric vehicles are switching to S.U.V.s instead.
The president, battling for passage of one of the final initiatives of his presidency, said liberals opposed to the accord were “just wrong.”
It is easier to appeal to voters with nonsense economics than to think things through.
Labour is back in the wilderness with no easy way out. Fear and the pocketbook secured a Tory triumph.
Forget gaming. Atlantic City is looking to concerts to draw the crowds now that its casinos are dwindling.
Geishas in traditional teahouses in Japan, once a secret society, are increasingly entertaining businessmen — and even speaking English.
The quarreling in Washington about taxes and spending ignores some areas in which policies actually promote unequal distribution of wealth.
Mayor Bill de Blasio suggested that changes under his administration had already eased the burden on officers’ time, even as crime remained relatively low.
The effort, called Start-Up New York, has spent tens of millions of dollars to create 76 jobs in its first full year of operation.
The stage adaptation of Boris Pasternak’s novel and David Lean’s film stars Tam Mutu and Kelli Barrett.
Gazprom is expected to be accused of abusing its dominance in natural gas markets, and countries like Lithuania and the United States have been pushing for a crackdown.
Henry M. Paulson, Treasury secretary during the 2008 financial crisis, warns China in a new book that it will undoubtedly have to “face a reckoning.”
Deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership are widely supported in the profession, but Congress may still hold on to mistaken beliefs.
The data published by the European Central Bank come amid other signs that eurozone banks are recovering from a crisis that began in 2008.
In Silicon Valley, mixed messages fuel a best-in-class mentality.
The Republican presidential hopefuls are resurrecting long-refuted ideas as if they actually worked.
Earnings at the second-largest automaker in the world after Toyota remained dependent on the high-end Audi and Porsche brands.
Investing in kids has long-term benefits.
The forces contributing to contemporary class stratification are beyond the reach of the classroom alone.
A study suggests that people aren’t aware of the monthly variation in their cash flow and that many aren’t prepared for a big spending month.
Employees are steadily missing out on annual salary increases that compound over time, as companies exercise financial control by opting for one-off bonuses and other rewards.
In cities from New York to New Delhi, the car service Uber has faced threats and bans from regulators but usually comes out on top. Has it met its match in Paris?
No one is focusing on the day after a deal or a default, and on which outcome will offer the least pain.
The organization of the world’s richest nations forecast that growth should be healthier by the end of 2016.
A proposed system of quotas would ensure that European countries do their fair share in handling the huge number of people seeking asylum.
Years after the mobile device company was a corporate victim of a price-fixing scheme, the Supreme Court might take up the case.
The coming 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata is just one sign of the resurgence of a type of car associated more with sun and fun than practicality.
A carbon emissions tax is an easy, effective approach to climate change, steering companies and consumers toward lower-emission and renewable sources.
Beepi, which acts as a broker between sellers and buyers of used automobiles, could alter the way people buy used cars.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi would like to monetize the roughly 20,000 tons of gold thought to be in private hands, 2,500 tons of it in major Hindu temples.
Prosecutors said Navinder Singh Sarao manipulated futures contracts in a way that helped prompt the Dow to plunge 600 points in May 2010.
The Continent’s lead in the small but fast-growing offshore wind industry is a rare bright spot for the region’s renewable power sector.
New loans to businesses increased 24 percent in the first quarter, the bank said, and new loans to individuals rose 36 percent.
After the election of Tyus Byrd, four of the six police officers in Parma, Mo., quit, as did the town’s wastewater manager and clerk, leaving only five people on staff.
As head of the asset forfeiture unit at the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan, Ms. Levin helped get corporate giants and others to pay some $15 billion in penalties.
President Nursultan Nazarbayev is seen as courting a vote of confidence in an early election as the Central Asian nation faces an economic slowdown and regional instability.
The government has faced criticism that it responded too slowly to attacks that have claimed seven lives.
A year of living dangerously for the European Union as Greece and Britain pose threats.
Maduro must reorient the economy and accept that democracy includes dissent.
Mr. Haroche was a founder of Liberty Travel, which grew from a two-man operation to the largest leisure travel operation in the United States.
Technology has upended our economy. Can technology save it?
There are too few women in engineering, but we have seen that real-world programs can attract them to the field.
The inflation rate in the currency bloc was zero in April, after months in negative territory, but unemployment was stuck at 11.3 percent in March.
The seven-day curfew that requires residents to stay off the streets from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. is a potential economic disaster for local business owners that rely on nighttime customers.
Helped by a lack of recent political turmoil and low prices in the region, Nicaragua is growing as a second-home destination.
The city’s minimum wage increase challenges Congress and other states, especially New York.
A new documentary explores thorny questions like why people lie, how they do it and what is the fallout.
The former senator is known for taking conservative stances on same-sex marriage, immigration and foreign policy, among other issues.
A former senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Santorum was the runner-up in the 2012 Republican primary race, buoyed by the support of social conservatives, but has had little traction this time.
A composite output index for the eurozone came in at 53.4 in May. A number above 50 signals that the economy is continuing to expand.
While the Obama administration argues that diplomacy has dealt with the problem, senators from both parties and the auto industry are pressing for action.
Senator Mitch McConnell aligned with the president to push the deal, which would link 12 nations on either side of the Pacific into a trading bloc and expand the president’s trading authority. The legislation still requires House approval.
The “sharing” economy has led to more scrutiny from local governments that require hosts to collect and pay occupancy taxes for short-term rentals.
The new bloc, which opposes immigration and big government, will be led by Marine Le Pen, the leader of France’s National Front.
Undocumented workers in the Dominican Republic have until Wednesday to register their presence in the country, in the hope of ultimately being allowed to stay.
The annual forecast by the Congressional Budget Office showed a small drop, attributable to continued low interest rates, in the long-term outlook for debt levels.
The financial crisis has given remarkable staying power to false explanations of big events. And they continue to warp policy.
Financial-services jobs are leaving New York, lured by lower costs.
The jihadists’ governing efforts, from inspecting food to offering perks to newlyweds, have brought a stability unavailable from national governments.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the big stories.
Janet Yellen’s comments expose the yawning gap between how economists think and how markets react.
President Park Geun-hye’s image as a strong leader who can keep a clear head in a crisis has come crashing down as her government struggles to contain an outbreak of Middle East respiratory syndrome.
The Russian president, who enjoys better relations with Italy than with other European countries, also met with the pope.
Last-minute additions were appended not to the fast-track bill at the center of the fight, but to a separate bill being considered alongside it.
U.S. citizens may fear homegrown jihadists, but law enforcement is more worried about right-wing extremists.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the big stories.
Cuba, one of the Western Hemisphere’s least-wired countries, is poised to expand access to the Internet by introducing some three dozen Wi-Fi hot spots around the island and reducing the steep fees.
Despite changing attitudes on several fronts, race in America is an issue that won’t go away.
Congress must work with the Federal Reserve to revive the economy, which has slowed down and fallen short of forecasts.
Tourism in Egypt was just beginning to recover from the slump after the Arab Spring revolution of 2011 when militants began targeting tourist sites again. Here are some notable attacks of recent years.
The Upshot began publication April 22, 2014, and we published more than 1,500 articles in our first year. To celebrate our first birthday, we’ve put together a list of our 250 most-read pieces.
The Times produced more than 400 articles, including about 50 front-page stories from inside the Ebola-afflicted countries themselves. Here is a sample of work.
Why him, anyway?
The cruise industry is contributing a record amount to the economies of Europe with passenger numbers up moer than 20 percent since the financial crisis. Ivor Bennett looks at the reasons why and the opportunities it offers.
China’s services sector hit a four-month high according to a private survey but companies are still feeling the pressure of a slowing economy. Meg Teckman reports.
Chinese tourists are going abroad in larger numbers despite a slowing domestic economy, and the U.S. is an increasingly attractive destination for them to spend their cash. Jane Lanhee Lee reports.
India's prime minister is pushing forward with a set of new labor laws that could transform the nation's economy, creating millions of jobs and making the nation more competitive globally. Eve Johnson reports.
A second day of strikes is causing heavy delays at French airports, as air traffic controllers protest over work conditions. It's the latest round of industrial action hurting the country's already fragile economy. Hayley Platt reports.
Residents and businesses in the former Soviet republic of Georgia feel the squeeze from an economy battered by a fall in the Russian rouble and the conflict in Ukraine.  Hayley Platt reports.
In her first campaign rally, Clinton strikes populist tone vowing to build an inclusive economy and grow the middle class. Sean Carberry reports.
Japan’s aging population is causing a drag on the world’s third largest economy as pensioners aren't spending as Shinzo Abe’s government has been promoting. Meg Teckman reports.
Retail sales in Japan rebounded in April after three straight months of falls, possibly proving the Bank of Japan right in their rosier view of the economy. Meg Teckman reports.
Campaigning for Turkey's election has entered its final few days with the economy one of the key issues.  As Amy Pollock reports the vote could reshape the political landscape in one of the last decade's fastest growing economies.
The solid jobs report suggests the economy is rebounding from a weak winter quarter. Some economists see the Fed hiking interest rates in the fall. Fred Katayama reports.
Group of Seven leaders agree to wean their energy-hungry economies off carbon fuels, marking a major step in the battle against global warming. Vanessa Johnston reports.
Young, digitally savvy activists despaired after the 2013 protests. Then they got organized.
Moves by Taiwan to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank have prompted protests at home and raised sensitive questions of sovereignty for the self-governed island.
We need that crisis!
City leaders are asking for ordinary straphangers’ help convincing Congress to fund improvements to the nation’s transportation infrastructure.
What we learn from the IMF on investment.
Seizing the chance to make the same mistakes.
Lessons from one’s own forgotten papers.
A video celebrating close ties between the Chinese and Russian peoples was released just before President Xi Jinping’s visit to Moscow.
How dumb are we?
Bad Behavior in Finance Persists, Study Says | Wall Street Bounces Back | Years of Complaints Finally Catch Up to Broker | Economic Uncertainty Rattles Greeks
President Obama’s plans to broaden deportation relief for unauthorized immigrants were supposed to take effect today. Instead they’re stuck in limbo.
Entrepreneurs have delved into satisfying the demand for street spaces, but apps like MonkeyParking and Haystack have been banned in some cities for selling something they don’t own.
Taiwan submitted a letter of intent on March 31 to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank as a founding member. Although Beijing welcomed Taiwan’s participation, it said it must do so under an “appropriate name.”
Does color coding toys pink and blue based on gender stereotypes reinforce gender biases?
The performances illustrate the way investors are questioning whether social media companies can keep their growth rates vigorous enough to justify their valuations.
The economist argues that China’s economic boom has been fueled by private enterprise and policies that have allowed the market to play a greater role.
China Moves Closer to Inclusion in MSCI Index | Wall Street Embraces Financial Tech Start-Ups | Tokio Marine to Buy HCC for $7.5 Billion | G.E. Sells Buyout Financing Unit for $12 Billion
Nearly 40 percent of European companies in China that were surveyed were planning to cut costs, and 61 percent of those said they would do so through layoffs.
The pope’s complaints about technology in agriculture, including G.M.O.s, focus on corporate behavior and social impacts, not biological peril.
The ride-hailing company has long positioned itself as a “logistics company” and says its drivers are contractors, not employees.
Off-ramps from the road to hell.
Media dig in on California’s profligate water habits.
The F.C.C. regulations are expected to appear in the Federal Register as early as this week, starting two 60-day countdowns: one until they take effect and the other until a deadline for lawsuits.
The Ohio governor on Tuesday became the 16th prominent Republican to enter the contest for the presidential nomination.
Leveraged lending guidelines are a case study in how hard it is to stamp out what are deemed risky practices and how regulation can lead to unexpected consequences.
The United States shows that large, economically diverse areas can share a common currency — but also that there is a price.
We can find deep insights on this issue by looking all the way back to the end of the last Ice Age, 15,000 years ago.
A good nuclear deal was made in 2013; a still better one can be had now.
Economic policy promoted by American conservatives is how Greece got in severe trouble.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the day’s big stories.
The agreement doesn’t resolve the country’s debt crisis or its moribund economy.
The president, speaking at the White House conference on aging, said he wanted more laws passed that require automatic retirement plans for employees.
A new security law promises to be more oppressive than the last, and American officials are missing their chance to put pressure on Cairo.
It’s too late for a great accord on limiting Iran’s nuclear program, but maybe not a worthwhile one.
In a bid to avoid continuous negotiations with creditors, the Ukrainian government (with the I.M.F.’s support) is deep in debt talks, pressing investors to accept a bailout deal — but investors are resistant.
The company that has long sold the sporty Miata roadster builds some of that dynamic into the CX-5, showing that running errands can be fun.
Long before Mr. Sanders was a presidential candidate, he went to Burlington, where he supported himself with odd jobs and planned to remake the world.
What may have been just another strike by transport workers has become tangled in Europe’s migration crisis, with truck drivers reporting being besieged by migrants.
Any new bailout deal between the country and its creditors is likely to include harsher austerity measures based on an increasingly grim economic outlook, analysts said.
The Central Asian nation will add 19 countries and principalities to the list of territories that do not require a visa for visits of up to 15 days.
For their first New York fashion week in more than a decade, men’s wear designers, old-guard and newcomers alike, looked west for inspiration.
The announcement ratcheted up pressure on President Dilma Rousseff, who is facing calls for her ouster over a sweeping graft scheme at the national oil company.
The meeting is the most striking example yet of the new king’s willingness to work with Islamist organizations that the kingdom has long considered foes.
Traffic in Manhattan is a growing problem, but there are better solutions than officially restricting the growth of car services like Uber.
Full normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba will be arduous, but it will benefit both nations.
In Cleveland and Cuyahoga County, for example, taxpayers will contribute $262 million for improvements to the city’s arenas and stadiums over the next 20 years.
Economic failure extends far beyond Greece.
The fund conceded an argument long made by Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, even as it blamed the current government for making matters worse.
A former Greek finance minister argues that the next few days are crucial. Lenders must compromise and Tsipras must stop gambling with the livelihood of future generations.
It sold a 5.4 percent stake in the lender, which received a large bailout during the financial crisis, but did so at a price well below what it paid in 2008.
Revenues for the hamburger chain founded by the restaurateur Danny Meyer were up 74.7 percent to $48.5 million.
The author of a Sunday Review article arguing that capitalists must address rising income inequality responds to reader comments.
The quality of policy discussion in the Republican debate was pretty low. Here’s a closer look.
For many Germans, the arguments against repeating the Treuhand in Greece are overwhelming.
The ensemble, whose average age of its audience is dropping, is planning only 16 performances next season, down from 28 last season.
The editor in chief of the satirical website ClickHole on why we love the weird, absurd content that goes viral online.
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey said that if he were to be elected president in 2016, he would revive a project he killed that would have doubled rail capacity between New Jersey and Manhattan.
Much of the data, which focused on inflation predictions, initially was released in a form only accessible to users of a particular computer program.
Presidential candidates portraying themselves as big backers of the new “gig economy” are pandering for votes.
Data show that more young adults are living at home with their parents, not fully healed from the damages of the last recession.
Opponents of the nuclear deal have turned what should have been a thoughtful debate into a vicious battle against President Obama.
M.I.T.-trained economists have gained dominance in policy positions and policy discourse.
American importers of Greek products are stymied by their suppliers’ inability to procure materials for export.
Policy-making at the central bank should be solely under the control of its Board of Governors.
The policy of issuing “report cards” for surgeons has backfired.
Greater access to banks, unique ID cards and mobile phones are making it easier for the government to transfer cash to the poor.
The Accord has the appearance of gas-only models, but inside is a lithium-ion battery and a gas-electric system that is unlike other hybrids.
Seif al-Islam el-Qaddafi was sentenced in absentia because he is being held captive by a militia in the country’s northwest; eight other ex-officials were sentenced to death.
Did Malaysia get a pass on its terrible record because the administration needed to meet political requirements of the trans-Pacific trade deal?
Calling out “hit and run” activists, Mrs. Clinton said she would alter incentives to lengthen investment horizons and take a “hard look” at stock buybacks.
A popular government-backed small-business lending program, suspended last week after reaching its limit for the year, is on the verge of restarting.
By treating Grexit as a viable option, Europe has made a future French, or even German, exit more likely.
The Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico did not make a $58 million bond payment, saying it lacked the funds to meet the amount due.
The mouthy magnate is the carnival we summoned by letting our popular and political cultures bleed into one.
When we talk about the need for austerity in Greece, the word conveys not just an economic but a moral requirement — a lesson that must be taught.
The current crackdown shows how the Communist Party fears its legitimacy to rule could crumble.
What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a new surf park in northern Wales, hotel promotions in Switzerland, and a hotel special in Los Angeles.
If lawmakers want to improve the country’s deteriorating highways, bridges and mass transit systems, they will have to get creative.
The Fed’s misplaced optimism sends the wrong message to Americans who are still not getting ahead.
Virtual communities have sprung up catering to African-Americans, mainly women, who rarely find themselves the target of tourism companies.
Valentino Deng is using royalties from “What Is the What,” the book about him by Dave Eggers, to transform young lives.
After years of proud independence, some companies are joining forces, powered by an app, to create a car service network in hopes of fighting expanding ride-hailing companies.
An Internet-based recruitment program called Wyoming Grown aims to help young people who have left the state find jobs back in Wyoming.
The missed payment was overshadowed by the agreement among eurozone leaders that would provide more aid to Greece and keep it in the currency union.
A second attempt at staging a men’s fashion week gets a kickoff from the Council of Fashion Designers of America.
Roughly 350 creditors were told they would have to wait several weeks until a working group of Puerto Rico leaders formed recommendations for resolving the island’s fiscal crisis.
Without crucial reforms, the currency union is likely to remain in a political no man's land, whatever happens to Greece.
When a government tries to intervene in these cases, it can mean pouring money down a sinkhole and merely delaying an inevitable correction.
Bankruptcy laws must recognize that some responsibility for loan failure rests with creditors, and offer more chances for a fresh start.
The Russian president, known for his skills in judo and macho sports, said in a meeting with India’s leader that he will embrace yoga as well.
Camps along the Mediterranean coast illustrate divisions between the Italians and the French over managing a border that is theoretically open.
Some managers tried both buying and selling when leaps in bond yields occurred during the second quarter this year.
Although Jeb Bush’s recent remark is being treated as a gaffe, there is in fact a lively debate among economists on the issue of longer workweeks.
European finance ministers could not agree on whether Greece should be granted its third bailout since 2010, leaving the Continent hours from what could be a historic rupture.
Beijing will undertake a major restructuring of the capital government as part of a broader plan to create a giant urban corridor in northern China, officials said Saturday.
The shutdown is a milestone in the country’s push to establish a nuclear-free energy system by 2022.
If it is going to lead Europe, it can’t act as if it’s simply a victim.
Some analysts say the currency tensions could worsen some of the entrenched problems in the global economy. China’s move also poses a dilemma for the Fed as it considers raising interest rates.
China’s leaders still don’t understand how markets work.
The latest bailout agreement between Greece and its European creditors will go forward without cash from one crucial lender: the International Monetary Fund.
The country’s central bank set the official exchange rate slightly higher against the dollar, after turbulent days in which the currency was devalued.
Ms. Bazemore, 56, is the president of Radian Guaranty, the private mortgage insurance subsidiary of the Radian Group, based in Philadelphia.
Rather than go through a messy default in a few years, Europe should restructure Greece’s debt now.
Despite the relentless pounding from the Petrobras scandal, the nation’s democratic institutions hold firm.
Critics of the nuclear agreement think we can revert to sanctions. But doing so would be an economic disaster.
In this aging bull market, investors are showing signs of a sea change in their attitudes.
The American economy invariably becomes a political target, from the left and the right, when there is no White House incumbent running for re-election.
The author of a Sunday Review essay about water conservation responds to readers’ questions.
The authorities described the man in security footage as a potential suspect in the attack based on more than a dozen cameras.
The result also increases the likelihood that there will be a careful accounting of Mr. Rajapaksa’s decade in power.
The investment bank joins a long list of counterfeits that includes Apple stores and British villages. They’re easy to mock, but they show an ingenuity and pluck that could be powerful.
The contenders are clueless in their China-bashing and bluster over volatile markets.
With the latest labor figures neither much better nor much worse than expected, the Federal Reserve has a tough call on whether to raise rates.
Relax. What we’re seeing isn’t a meltdown, it’s an overdue correction.
Amid a crime wave, a policy of openness to students and immigrant workers from Africa faces a xenophobic backlash.
Malaysia must abandon its pro-Malay affirmative action policies: They weaken the economy and good governance.
A state of emergency at the border town of San Antonio del Táchira has shown arbitrary policing and few changes in daily public activity.
Is John Kasich the toughest Republican for a Democrat to face?
The state is caught up in a clash between oil and environmental interests, and the issues are so thorny that even Democratic leaders are on opposing sides.
The remarks of the Federal Reserve’s vice chairman were highly anticipated after days of turmoil in financial markets that raised questions about whether the Fed’s plans had changed.
The latest executive order changing workplace rules, which will take effect in 2017, calls for up to seven days of paid leave a year.
With an upgraded structure, a reduction in noise and more, the 2016 model is a far better truck than the one it replaces.
On some days, market psychology can count for more than long-term fundamentals, pushing panicked investors to sell.
The worldwide market turbulence of recent days is a strong indication that government intervention alone cannot restore the economy, says the author.
On a chaotic path through the Balkans, tens of thousands of migrants are pushing to reach northern Serbia before Hungary seals the border.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
For more than a year now, signs pointing to an equity crisis were there for all to see.
The deal with a big block of its creditors gives Puerto Rico a needed accomplishment at a time when other developments have been going against it.
The 2008 global downturn froze Berlin’s real estate market for a few months, but properties largely kept their value.
There are many good choices in the small crossover market, but Mazda’s new model is for people who enjoy the act of driving,
Here’s what you need to know to start your week.
The Signature Theater in Arlington, Va., seizes on a fractious election season to restage this 1997 work about the dark arts of campaigning.
The country is facing its most protracted declines since the financial crisis, with overseas shipments falling 5.5 percent last month compared with a year earlier.
Parties in opposition to immigration, Islam’s influence and the European Union are pointing out the difficulty of now shutting the migrant tap.
Twyla Tharp discusses the discipline and challenges of mounting a tour.
On one side: those who seek a bold step toward federal integration. On the other: those who argue that Europe just has to keep muddling along.
The economic imbroglio between Germany and Greece perfectly corresponds with literary history.
Economic and political instability are deepening before a snap election scheduled for November.
Prime Minister Victor Ponta is accused of forgery, money laundering and being an accessory to tax evasion, and will face charges in Romania’s top court.
The valuation for Cablevision looks high, but savings will help. Importantly, the French telecommunications company isn’t contributing much cash.
The country had to endure a near-death experience before it was ready to confront its privileged groups.
By holding steady on interest rates, the Federal Reserve is acknowledging, correctly, that the economy shows no signs of overheating.
A World Bank study said 90 percent of the countries surveyed have at least one law that discriminates against women.
If the junta wants to stay in power, it must devalue the currency and sharply raise rural incomes.
Twenty years ago, a series of rate increases by the Federal Reserve put pressure on emerging markets like Mexico, which had to be bailed out by the United States and the I.M.F. Could it happen again?
Can looking at central bankers’ blunders from the recent past offer any useful guidance for what the Fed ought to do this week? It’s worth hoping.
Hotel projects have drawn financial support from cities seeking increased convention business, but this support has sometimes become contentious.
The courts are trying to figure out whether Uber’s drivers are contractors or employers from a standard rooted in 19th-century labor law.
The bungled prosecutions of two Chinese-American professionals suggest the United States is being rash in its effort to fight economic espionage.
After a period of estrangement, King Salman’s visit to Washington was a sign of renewed cooperation.
While most experts don’t expect that an increase in interest rates will lead to 2008-style instability, tighter monetary policy could expose frailties in the financial system.
The automaker is facing regulatory action in the United States over accusations that it installed software to evade smog-fighting standards.
For decades, there's been a grudging consensus for Britain's membership in the European Union. Now it's broken.
Despite market pressures, Mr. Lambert is working to expand the brand's universe.
At the last minute, he said, a rebel leader tried to back out of a crucial part of the deal, a deadline to sign a final accord.
After Prime Minister David Cameron said he wanted better conditions from the European Union if Britain was to remain a member, a French official said the talk lacked details.
As officials warned that conditions in Iraq could send waves of displaced people to Europe, anti-migrant demonstrations erupted in Finland.
The country’s creditors should now recognize that Mr. Tsipras is not a passing phenomenon.
Turbulence in a financial market has caused speculation that college students will see federal loans dry up.
This week, consumer spending and personal income for August will be reported, Trevor Noah will take over “The Daily Show,” and Tesla will unveil an S.U.V.
The compromise was reached with environmental groups and industry but drew criticism that it did not go far enough to protect the bird known for its courtship strut.
Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker will conduct the first high-level negotiations since the White House announced normalizing relations with Cuba.
John McDonnell, Labour’s newly appointed shadow chancellor of the Exchequer, moved to calm fears that the party would turn away from centrist economic policies of the past.
The rules are meant to sharply cut planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions from power plants and ultimately transform America’s electricity industry.
The free-market British newspaper, a 50 percent stake of which is up for sale, has a complex trust system that essentially ensures its journalistic mission.
I’d certainly pay a nickel for the candidates’ thoughts.
Consumers may welcome lower prices of products like gasoline, but the decline in global commodity markets could be a sign of trouble ahead.
The island is broke because of an oppressive economic system.
President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has made the project the cornerstone of his plans to revive the economy, but the benefits pledged have not eased investors’ doubts.
The bill was relegated to the Senate’s to-do list for September, reflecting a pattern of delays since the Republicans took control this year.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the day’s big stories.
The British lender announced plans in June to shed jobs and sell underperforming businesses as it seeks to cut $5 billion in annual costs by 2017.
The Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island is establishing a slavery museum and reconciliation center in an old cathedral as part of an effort to acknowledge its own complicity in the slave trade.
We’ve asked travel experts for their thoughts on how Puerto Rico’s financial crisis will affect the island’s $7 billion tourism industry.
The president’s executive order, if issued, would force any company that contracts with the federal government to issue paid leave to sick employees, potentially affecting hundreds of thousands of workers.
We must fight terror emanating from within with the same fervor that we fight terrorism on our borders.
The authorities arrested Abdul Rahman Haroun, who evaded 400 security cameras and walked about 30 miles underground, dodging trains traveling at up to 100 miles per hour.
Donald Trump is fundamentally absurd, but so are his rivals, and that’s what their party requires.
The governor of the Bank of England warns about risks to global financial stability.
Beware the tomato that masquerades as a true Italian.
Francis has differed significantly from his predecessors with his outspoken style and his approach to leading the church. Here is a look at some of his comments on poverty, church reform, climate change and divorce.
Contradiction is more than just a sign of a changing Cuba — it is a fundamental characteristic of it.
China's slowing economy is creeping into Hong Kong's, but Financial Secretary John Tsang is optimistic and sees no need for a change in the U.S. dollar peg for the local currency. Tara Joseph reports.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's new government will have to rebuild Egypt's economy amid worries about turmoil  Deborah Gembara reports.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has announced a plan to raise gross domestic product by around 22 percent to 600 trillion Japanese yen ($5 trillion).  As Sonia Legg reports, he is refocusing on the economy after the passage of controversial security bills eroded his popularity

A visual guide to why a deal with Greece is so critical to Europe.
China’s devaluation of the renminbi was the latest in a series of moves over the past two months to help boost the slowing Chinese economy.
Stocks fell in a choppy trading session after the latest minutes raised concerns about the global economy. Bobbi  Rebell reports.
Spain's economy grew at its fastest quarterly pace in over eight years in the second quarter, underpinning projections for strong growth in the rest of the year.  As Sonia Legg reports the recovery comes as the country prepares for elections later this year.
With China's economy on the decline, Chinese diners are pickier than ever about where to spend their money - and foreign fast food giants like Yum Brands and McDonald's are struggling to boost sales. Anita Li reports.
German growth accelerated in the second quarter, but by less than expected, while France's economy came to a standstill, amid concerns about China. Kirsty Basset reports.
Despite continued concerns about the Greek debt crisis and China's economy, U.S. stocks closed out Tuesday's choppy session with gains. Bobbi Rebell reports.
President Obama may be about to visit his father's homeland but Kenya's economy is facing some big challenges. As Grace Pascoe reports the Kenyan shilling has lost more than 8 percent of its value this year, largely due to the strength of the dollar.
Obama's visit to Kenya, his father's homeland, will focus on security and economy but Kenyans are making their own wish lists for what achievements his trip will bring. Mana Rabiee reports.
Business confidence in Germany improved in July after two monthly drops, as an agreement between Greece and its creditors for talks on a third bailout lifted the mood at firms in Europe's largest economy. Sonia Legg reports.
A raft of China data from over the weekend didn't paint a very positive picture of the world's second-largest economy. It could add pressure on Beijing to ease policy. Ryan Brooks reports.
Falling commodity prices pulled Britain's FTSE down 0.6 percent, as China's economy slows. Hayley Platt reports.
Fears about China's economy have kept markets under pressure again ahead of minutes from last month's U.S. Federal Reserve meeting. As Sonia Legg reports European stocks fell after a rollercoaster day in Asia.
Factory activity in China shrinks August according to an initial reading of the country’s mammoth manufacturing sector, putting even more pressure and scrutiny on the world’s second largest economy. Meg Teckman reports.
Ahold and Rabobank, two of the Netherland’s biggest businesses report strong growth indicating an improving Dutch economy after two years of recession. Hayley Platt reports on its progress.
A move from China's Central Bank to kick start its wavering economy was welcomed by investors. Shares, oil and core bond yields all extended gains in midsession European trade on Tuesday. Ciara Lee reports.
A strong rise in German exports outstripped gains in imports to power growth of 0.4 percent in Europe's largest economy in the second quarter, new data shows.  But as Sonia Legg reports there are fears China could damage Europe's slow recovery.
World shares have sagged again as investors fear fresh rate cuts in China may not be enough to stabilise its slowing economy or halt a stocks collapse. As Ciara Lee reports Europe's main stock markets reopened 2 percent down.
Syriza is nosing ahead again to reclaim its lead ahead of Greece's general election, according to the latest opinion poll.  While Grexit may be off the cards for now, the country's economy is still the main battleground between the main parties.  David Pollard reports.
A worrying sign for the health of China’s overall economy, the country’s manufacturing sector contracted the fastest pace in several years according to twin surveys for August. Meg Teckman reports.
German industrial output rose in July at its fastest pace so far this year.  As Grace Pascoe reports it suggests the engine room of Europe's largest economy made a robust start to the second half despite a turbulent global backdrop.
As thousands risk their lives to reach Europe this summer, Jacob Greaves looks at what migrants offer European economies.
United States President Barack Obama says that the United States has to lead the world in transitioning into a clean energy economy. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
Weak economic data out of China stoked fears the world's second largest economy is slowing down which could hamper global growth. Shartia Brantley reports.
The euro zone economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter mainly because of faster growth in Italy and Greece.  As David Pollard reports, economic data also showed German exports and imports at record highs and Spanish house prices rising fast.
As Britain's Queen becomes the country's longest serving monarch her value to be the economy is being put to the test.  As Ciara Lee reports one study suggests "The Firm", as the royal family is often known, is now worth £57 billion while the monarchy is wealthier than ever.
The Bank of Japan kept monetary policy steady for September but gave a bleaker outlook on the state of the economy than the more optimistic view given at previous meetings. Meg Teckman reports.
Stocks in Malaysia get a 4.6 billion dollar boost from the government as the economy suffers from a falling local currency and the wake of a political scandal involving the Prime Minister. Meg Teckman reports.
The U.S. economy grew by 3.7 percent during the second quarter. Economists differ on how the GDP data will impact the timing of an interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve. Shartia Brantley reports.
Japan saw a recovery in exports in June on the back of a pick-up in sales of cars and electronics but trade with China may be under threat as the world's second largest economy slows. Meg Teckman reports.
Chinese trade figures unexpectedly beat forecasts in June but analysts believe the economy is still on its slow trajectory and may hit lower than 7 percent growth in the second quarter of the year. Meg Teckman reports.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's announcement triggers the start of a marathon 11-week campaign that is likely to focus on a sluggish economy and his decade in power. Rough Cut (no reporter narration)
UK haulage companies say the Calais migrant crisis could be costing the UK economy a quarter of a billion pounds a day.  But, as David Pollard reports, the numbers of those trying to cross the English Channel from the French port are dwarfed by a growing migrant crisis on the Serbian/Hungarian border.
No morning in that aspect of America.
Bubble bursting in the Middle Kingdom?
A Paris meeting ahead of this year’s climate negotiations charted a host of social and technical paths toward a sustainable human relationship with the climate.
Some top banks — including JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup — will not accept the cards as a primary ID, even though federal regulators have approved their use.
If Joice Mujuru joins forces with other opposition leaders, there is a chance they could oust Robert Mugabe together.
President-elect Mauricio Macri has signaled that he intends to chart a new course and will expand trade with the United States and Europe.
The pontiff’s schedule for the five-day trip is packed with meetings, red-carpet receptions and a Mass on Thursday for as many as one million people.
Republican and Democratic negotiators closed in on a package of tax cuts for businesses and individuals that could exceed $700 billion in forgone revenues over a decade.
Much of the $72 billion in debt the island cannot repay stems from loans extended and guaranteed by its Government Development Bank
The book “Killing Reagan” may significantly damage the public’s memory of one of our greatest presidents.
The Federal Reserve is almost universally expected to raise rates this month, but human nature makes it hard to predict what effect that will have on major markets.
Among the benefits are more geopolitical sway. The cost? A loss of control.
The percentage of women associates dropped in the last five years, and the percentage of African-American associates has declined every year since 2009.
Luck smiled on State Representative Blaine Eaton II, who had been forced by law to draw a straw for his seat after his race for re-election ended in a tie.
Mr. Scarf, a Yale mathematician, never took an economics class, but his theories were accepted by businesses and governments.
Allies of Mr. de Blasio, who is uncomfortable with showmanship and admits to having communication problems, say he should promote his achievements more aggressively.
Opening the taps in the Corrib field is a breakthrough for the oil and gas industry in Ireland, which had mostly disappointing results in recent years.
Among the snippets of qualified joy this year: a blossoming bromance between Trump and Putin, two odious, bullying narcissists who deserve each other.
Mr. Hugh’s blog, which pointed out flaws at the root of Europe’s ambition to bind together disparate economies with a single currency, attracted a wide following.
The dominance of the three Detroit giants has slipped and foreign brands like Toyota and Kia have filled the gap.
Experts expect the number of new unemployment claims to be at a healthy level in terms of the long-term trend, and payments are due for financially challenged Puerto Rico.
After nearly two years, it’s time to recognize what can’t be changed and what’s best for the peninsula.
Brussels' knee-jerk reaction to crises is to ask for more power. But unless the bloc adopts more decentralized solutions, it could unravel.
Drone pilots, start your web browsers: The mandatory drone registration program is starting. Also this week, movie studios are fighting over a limited number of screens and new-home sales data will be released.
A new ad highlights her focus on protecting the homeland, and reminds voters they are “not just electing a president, but a commander in chief.”
The conservative Popular Party and the main opposition Socialists both lost seats, putting the future of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in doubt.
The start-up’s founder and chief says happiness, in particular the happiness of his employees, will separate his company from ventures that have failed.
For newcomers who can assimilate quickly, there can be advantages — for them and for business leaders who hope they can help the German economy.
Polish society isn't swinging to the right, it's cleaving down the middle between traditionalism and liberalism.
Even before the Volkswagen scandal, diesel had several factors going against it, including lower oil prices, improvements in gasoline engines and technologies that produce cleaner vehicles.
The authorities said the chip maker had abused its dominant market position in the region by offering financial incentives to smartphone and tablet manufacturers.
The American vice president, addressing Parliament in Kiev, called on politicians to limit the power of business moguls and to put aside self-interest.
Financial worries and fears about terrorism and immigration are contributing to a rise in right-wing politicians in Europe similar to Donald J. Trump.
With an ordinance passed on Tuesday, San Diego became the largest American city to make a legally binding commitment to transition to 100 percent renewable energy.
Néstor Reverol, head of the country’s National Guard, and Edilberto Molina, a former official in its antidrug unit, are suspected of tipping off crime groups to investigations and raids.
Mariano Rajoy is the symbol of an old guard challenged by younger rivals who have singled him out as the obstacle to much needed change.
A hotel cannot examine names of potential guests and reject them based on race, the authors say, but that is common with short-term home rentals.
The liquidation of a Third Avenue Management fund may prompt re-examination of whether mutual funds might be systemically important in some circumstances.
A number of Colombian drug traffickers have been captured in Venezuela and extradited to Colombia. But rather than being tried there, some were then extradited to the United States, where they have become informers.
Some economists are dismayed that the Fed’s zero-interest policy didn’t do much for infrastructure or even corporate capital investment.
The number of students completing high school has reached historic peaks, yet other measures of academic readiness for college or jobs are much lower.
The Ukrainian government declared a moratorium Friday on repaying about $3.5 billion in debt to Russia, introducing new strains to an already poisonous relationship.
Having raised rates this month for the first time in nearly a decade, the Federal Reserve does not have to look far for real-world examples of what to do if plans go awry.
A surge of grower-produced Champagnes has redefined the appellation and made shopping more exciting, if a tad more difficult.
The legislation would include up to $3 billion in cash relief and a payroll tax break for residents of the island.
Federal safety regulators have received about 150 complaints that the Focus’s power steering can turn off, but they have not opened a formal investigation, and Ford has taken limited action.
There are three forces at work that are making college increasingly expensive. So what should we do about it?
The agreement means we have a chance to avoid unmanageable effects of global warming and to handle the effects we can’t avoid.
The landslide victory by the opposition in Venezuela’s parliamentary election underscored how strongly many Venezuelans yearn for change.
Changes under the newly empowered Law and Justice Party are unsettling what had been a model for the struggling post-Soviet states of Eastern Europe.
Last week, in a gut blow for the movement known as Chavismo, Venezuela turned raw anger over economic hardship into a landslide victory for the political opposition in crucial elections.
Mr. Gelli was a self-professed fascist accused of being the grandmaster of a secret society that plotted a right-wing coup, among other crimes and scandals.
Acquiring The South China Morning Post might have made more business sense because Macau matters more to the billionaire’s companies than Las Vegas.
The much-anticipated “liftoff,” the Fed’s first interest rate increase since the financial crisis, unfolded quietly and smoothly. But the hard work lies ahead.
The perceived threat of immigration resonates in the region, and its failing economies and corrupt governments make it unattractive to migrants in any case.
Two of China’s leading travel companies are teaming up to make the most of a bright spot in the Chinese economy.
This week, data on durable goods orders, consumer confidence and economic growth will be released. In addition, several companies including Apple and Exxon Mobil will report earnings.
The case for increasing the benchmark rate has weakened since the summer, as the global economy struggles and domestic growth idles. Still, some see continued delays as untenable.
One of these candidates is going to be the nominee for president. Really.
The coming Canadian prime minister is expected to move swiftly on issues that do not require parliamentary approval, and make vague commitments on those that do not.
As job options multiply, worker retention has risen to the top of the list of employers’ concerns. To many companies, “engagement” is the answer.
The official, Katerina Savvaidou, faces charges of breach of duty for granting television stations more time to pay a tax on advertising revenue.
Member states have differing recommendations for strengthening the currency zone, but most agree the next crisis could be right around the corner.
The vote early Saturday is the first in a series of austerity measures that the Greek Parliament will be asked to approve to meet creditors’ demands.
The House investigation drags on, but nobody in Washington seems to be paying attention to what’s happening in Libya today.
The refugee crisis might be an external challenge, but what really worries Brussels is the growing strength of the Continent’s regional separatists.
The senator from Vermont calls himself a socialist, but he doesn’t want to nationalize the steel mills. Or anything else, actually.
The former Massachusetts governor should be proud of helping to pave the way for Obamacare, but in today’s Republican Party that is viewed as a crime.
The 144-page bill is almost underwhelming in its size and scope. But after five years of political gridlock, that may be the inherent genius of it.
What is to be done with Islamists? A repeat of Tunisia's success is very unlikely.
Countries affected by the smoke, which has been a blight every fall for decades, are unhappy with the lack of remedies.
A single unexpected expense, or loss of income, can send many American households into a tailspin.
Angel Labs has organized workshops in more than 38 countries for prospective investors who want to learn how to size up entrepreneurs and their ideas.
For tests given last spring under the new Common Core requirements, the description of the results comes down to the different labels each state uses to describe the exact same scores on the same tests.
The Australian bank’s new fund comes as opportunities are seen for foreign investors in infrastructure projects.
Mr. Cohen, 66, is executive chairman of Cohen & Steers, a publicly traded investment company known for its real estate investment trust mutual funds.
The undercard debate on Tuesday, hosted by Fox Business Network in Milwaukee, as transcribed by the Federal News Service.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions may have inflated the price of financial assets, but Ben Bernanke says they kept a bad financial situation from getting worse.
Wage growth seems to be increasing, a sign of a labor market at full capacity, with inflation likely to follow. But there is more to the story.
Justin Trudeau’s diverse cabinet and his youthful energy may engender a renewed public spirit and a stronger sense of national identity.
The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond has been trying to raise interest rates for a while; he may finally get his way.
The annual frenzy of discount shopping — to the tune of more than $14 billion in 24 hours – offers a way into the country’s growing middle-class market, companies say.
Eight months after becoming chief executive of the fast-food chain, Steve Easterbrook takes stock of its progress toward a turnaround.
Hillary Clinton holds a 19-point lead over Bernie Sanders. She should stop playing it safe and spell out what her proposals mean, in bold detail.
Thousands of migrants, especially from Eritrea and Ethiopia, reach Sudan every year hoping to earn money to pay a smuggler for passage to Libya and, ultimately, Europe.
A growing body of research confirms that the more time and attention children get from their parents, the better off they’ll be in life and at work.
The measure would avert a government default and end nearly five years of pitched battles over fiscal policy.
This music drama combines aspects of Noh theater, opera and Bunraku puppet theater.
Justin Trudeau’s election offers promise in helping solve both the refugee crisis and the challenges of First Nations at home.
Even for Kenyans who have seen countless corruption scandals, graft coming to light now is almost too outrageous to believe.
Janet Yellen, the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, told a House committee that the economy was “performing well” and that an interest rate increase “may be appropriate.”
An article about an increase in mortality rates drew almost 1,900 comments from readers.
The new regulation, which was proposed on Friday, seeks to inflict the costs of a failure on investors who have lent to an ailing bank and on its shareholders, rather than on taxpayers.
Opposition mainly came from an array of unions and environmental groups, but some big businesses, like Ford, also joined the emerging resistance to the pact.
Used to the moral high ground, Canadians are watching their own politics getting dragged into divisive immigrant-bashing.
The move was welcomed by the British hospitality and retail sectors, which said the cost and complexities of tourist visas were driving big-spending Chinese to shop elsewhere.
As part of a significant overhaul, the bank said it would further shrink its investment bank and try to expand operations in Asia and emerging markets.
Financing for federal data, including the census, needs to be increased.
Studies rebut a long-cherished belief in America, on the right and left, that welfare encourages bad behavior by the poor.
The campaign became something of a referendum on Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the changes he and his Conservatives have wrought over the past decade.
Terrific trails, weekend weather, and miles of maze.
The bank’s return on equity exceeded that of its two main rivals, but was lower than in previous periods.
Candidates’ hair played a significant role in the Canada’s election for prime minister, and it suggests in a social media world, humor and pictures have a very real power.
When Britain suffers a decline in domestic demand, its companies can find other sources of business across the Channel, softening the effects at home.
The British Bankers’ Association said that recent policy and regulatory decisions in the country had reduced its attractiveness for the sector.
Few places are tilting toward a cashless future as quickly as Sweden, which has become hooked on the convenience of paying by app and plastic.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day, including updates on the Paris attacks.
A long drive for prosperity is giving way to a debate about how the country shares its wealth.
The proposal, ahead of the United Nations conference on climate change planned for Paris this month, appeared aimed at showing Britain as a leader in reducing carbon dioxide emissions.
The tax is appealing to those who want to control health care spending, but not to those who have comprehensive, high-cost health insurance plans.
A combination of high demand and too few listings pushed the median sales price to just shy of a million dollars in the third quarter of the year, setting a record high, according to several market reports.
The days of China relying on export manufacturing and infrastructure construction as drivers of economic growth are gone.
The former Federal Reserve chairman, in a new memoir, says Congress did not “do its part” after the 2008 financial crisis calmed down.
A recurring theme in Mr. Bernanke’s book is frustration with dissenters — colleagues at the Fed who disagreed with interventionism in a public way.
The company’s share prices recovered somewhat this week, but investors remain worried about both global economic trends and management missteps.
The Government Development Bank said the money was crucial to its ability to make coming payments to bondholders.
Given its aspirations, Anne-Marie Slaughter’s “Unfinished Business” is surprisingly condescending toward other women’s views and efforts, the author writes.
The decision by the European Court of Justice throws into doubt how tech giants like Facebook and Google can use digital data from millions of users.
The country’s currency has crashed along with its economy, despite an unchanging official exchange rate, transforming economic absurdities into daily hardships.
Does an open-door policy enhance a nation’s security and prosperity? The U.S has 59 million reasons the answer is yes.
The state is cruising toward its 2020 goal for increasing renewable energy and is setting far more ambitious targets for the future.
Westchester is among of the wealthiest counties in the country, but with 200,000 residents at risk of hunger, a food bank is seeking local produce.
The New York Times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign.
The chairwoman of the Federal Reserve has begun the process of raising interest rates, a move that her predecessors have taken in recent decades as they put their own distinctive stamp on the economy.
The perils of natural gas are nothing new in a city that depends on it for heating and cooking. Here are some other gas-related explosions of the last 20 years.
We checked the accuracy of candidates’ remarks in the Republican debate in Milwaukee.
Most of the Marshall Islands rise less than six feet above sea level. For the residents, the destructive power of the rising seas is already an inescapable part of daily life.
Selected Times graphics, visualizations and multimedia stories from 2015.
Read the latest updates from Mrs. Fiorina.
Read the latest updates from Mr. Christie.
See what the candidates are saying about gun control, immigration and more, and how their positions align with the American people.
Read the latest updates from the campaigns.
German exports plunged in August by their largest amount since the height of the global financial crisis and imports also fell sharply.  As David Pollard reports, it's the latest sign that Europe's largest economy is feeling the pain from a slowdown in emerging markets.
Japan’s household spending rose for the first time in three months in August, calming fears of a recession in the world’s third largest economy. Meg Teckman reports.
The effect of state gun control laws is diluted by a thriving underground market for firearms brought from states with few restrictions.
How 20 companies took more than a third of the H-1B visas available in 2014.
Getting the economy to change in just the way you want is a very tricky balancing act, even if you have the ability to create money from thin air.
The Canton fair has long been a barometer for the economy as exports have driven China's global rise but data on China's economic health is looking grim putting some exporters on edge. Meg Teckman reports.
The anti-immigration Swiss People's Party is set to cement its position as the country's dominant political force in elections where migration has trumped the economy as the key issue for voters.  David Pollard reports.
China beats analysts expectations but 3rd quarter GDP figures show the economy is still slowing. Katie Sargent reports.
Argentines votes for a new president in an election that will shape the recovery of the South American country's troubled economy, with outgoing leader Cristina Fernandez's candidate the favorite to win on a platform of "gradual change". Pavithra George reports.
German business morale fell modestly in October, suggesting Europe's largest economy remains resilient in the face of a slowdown in China and emissions scandal at carmaker Volkswagen. Ciara Lee reports
Dollar-denominated exports from China fell less than expected in September but imports plummeted, reinforcing views that the Chinese economy may need more stimulus if it dips below 7% growth in Q3. Meg Teckman reports.
Japan’s economy contracted in the third quarter sending the country into a technical recession, raising doubts about the government’s policy choices. Meg Teckman reports.
The Bank of England has set out plans to require banks to hold a total of up to 10 billion pounds ($15 billion) more capital as they start to lend more freely in a recovering economy. But as Grace Pascoe reports, it stopped short of demanding immediate action.
Manufacturing activity deteriorated across much of Asia in November, while European factories struggled to gather momentum.  The data comes as markets brace for an expected imminent rise in U.S. interest rates that could jolt the global economy.  David Pollard reports.
Singapore’s economy grew much faster than initially thought in the third quarter, however the uptick may not change the modest outlook for economic growth in the city state. Meg Teckman reports.
Senator Ted Cruz’s long-anticipated Iowa surge came a step closer on Tuesday with a new poll showing him just behind Donald J. Trump and leaping ahead of Ben Carson, as terrorism and foreign policy now drive the 2016 nominating race.
If Erdogan's power goes unchecked, our democratic ideals may be crushed by a tyranny of the majority.
Climate change is blind to income levels, but the poor and minorities are being hurt disproportionately by its effects.
Explore the exciting ways tech creatives are fashioning our future today.
Republican presidential candidates will not give opening statements at the next debate, hosted by the Fox Business Network, but they will have more time to respond to questions, according to an internal memo the network sent to the campaigns.
Approaching his final year in office, President Obama’s approval rating hovers just below 50 percent, in roughly the same middling range it has inhabited since 2010, according to Gallup polling data.
A new analysis of Jeb Bush’s plan to cut most Americans’ tax bills would end up blowing a moon-sized deficit hole into the federal budget with the shortfall reaching $8.1 trillion in the first 10 years.
NextGen Climate, the outside group founded by the billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer, is airing an ad on CNBC during the debate Wednesday that will cast climate change as an economic issue.
On Wednesday evening, Mr. Bush, who has long held up his ability to win over Hispanic voters in a general election, will field questions from Hispanics in Las Vegas at a policy forum sponsored by the Libre Initiative.
A New York Times/CBS News poll released before the attacks in Paris found that Americans were unhappy with the president’s approach to the radical Islamist group.
Donald J. Trump will take the next step in his religious outreach effort next week when he announces the endorsement of a group of 100 African-American pastors and religious leaders at his Manhattan headquarters.
When a “pastoral” change has revolutionary implications.
Challenging Private Equity Fees | Mega-Deals Test Antitrust Limits
Ms. Fong, a former reporter for The Wall Street Journal in China, discusses how the birth restrictions reshaped Chinese society, perhaps irreversibly.
Does the growth of China explain slowing world trade?
This isn’t hard, people.
New dog-service apps create a community of dog lovers, pairing those who crave canine companionship with dogs that could use more people time
Dispirited by mounting tensions between the two countries, Mr. Vogel, a Harvard sociologist, has set out to promote a deeper understanding of their relationship across time.
How much deviation from austerity?
Many Canadian readers rejoiced at the election of Justin Trudeau, while some praised Stephen Harper, in response to recent columns and op-eds.
Emerging markets are a drag.
The technology research firm IDC predicts the pace of digital transformation of business is going to accelerate and increasingly hit every industry.
The shifting fortunes of the book, “Big Country With an Empty Nest,” have tracked the evolution of the country’s stance on the size of families.
One month changes little.
The jobs report for October was unexpectedly good. But that doesn’t mean the Fed should raise interest rates.
In South Korea, virtually all of your wants and needs can be met by Samsung, the most dominant conglomerate. A look behind the success story.
Puerto Rico’s Creditors Open to Debt Exchange | Petco Close to $4.7 Billion Sale to CVC and Canadian Pension Fund
How do we find an appropriate balance between our moral responsibility and any security concerns we might have?
Japan’s story repeats.
New Banking Rules for New York | Court Upholds Award Against RBC Capital | New Fed Rule Limits Emergency Lending
It’s in the SDR, which changes nothing.
Keurig to be Sold for $13.9 Billion | F.T.C. Sues to Block Staples-Office Depot Deal | Criticism of Federal Reserve Gains Ground
A photographer looks at those caught in the middle on the crime-ridden streets of Caracas, where the psychic landscape is emotionally draining.
Hospitality and Gambling Interests Delay Closing of Tax Loophole | Frank Quattrone’s Comeback
Deaths Highlight Pressures of Wall Street | Why Volkswagen Started Cheating | Valeant’s High-Price Drug Strategy
Crowding in and other issues.
On reading comprehension.
In pursuing its digital strategy, the company has to contend with the security risks inherent in combining the virtual with the physical.
In this short documentary, students in a youth orchestra program in Chile pursue their love of music to escape poverty.
Why they hate Obama.
Negotiators trim a climate agreement as climate scientists press for nuclear power and activists gird for failure.
During Tuesday’s debate, the Republican candidates were at odds with one of their heroes.
Do you think the Fed made the right decision in raising rates? Why?
The divide over an Oregon gun-control law reflects broader divisions between rich communities and poor ones, and between urban and rural areas.
The 2004 National Hockey League lockout taught a Toronto businessman that being too focused on one market can be detrimental, so he teamed up to expand to other sports.
Mr. Schiff, who was serving his third prison term, considered income tax unconstitutional, and he pressed his cause in six self-published books.
The legislation will faces challenges from the Senate and the White House.
The deaths of 71 migrants in a meat truck found in Austria raised questions about the cruelty of the smugglers and the desperation of their clients.
An economist who has transformed his field by encouraging a focus on broader aspects of well-being and on the importance of data.
Nathan Fielder uses comic bits to suggest ways to help small business owners.
Ben S. Bernanke, the former Federal Reserve chairman, and Timothy F. Geithner, the former Treasury secretary, reminisced and joked at a Manhattan Barnes & Noble.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is turning its attention to student loans; one problem is that borrowers are not advised of all their options.
Daniel Tarullo is the second Fed governor to suggest the Fed should wait until next year to raise interest rates, coming after Lael Brainard on Monday.
The president’s decision was a major victory for environmentalists and a bitter loss for the oil industry.
Gov. John Kasich of Ohio and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida tried to gain political momentum by heaping scorn on Donald J. Trump’s plan to deport unauthorized immigrants.
Mr. Bush demanded more time from moderators, offering flashes of improvised humor and delivering crisper answers than he has in the past.
With a lighter, aluminum-based frame, the XF packs plenty of pep and torque, and with its 8-speed transmission, achieves reasonable fuel economy.
The president said Friday that the United States economy is “the strongest, most durable” in the world, showing a rise in wages and a decline in unemployment.
The minister of the economy, Luis Salas, declared an "economic state of emergency" as Venezuela struggled with falling oil prices and a worsening crisis at home.
In these highlights from his last State of the Union address, Mr. Obama discusses the economy, climate change and terrorism.
Residents talk about the collapse of the naira, Nigeria's currency, caused by the slump in oil revenues, which are crucial for Africa’s biggest economy.
Judging a president by the overall strength of the economy is a common, but flawed, approach.
The number of people who get insurance this year through the Affordable Care Act’s public marketplaces is expected to be 13 million, down from a prior projection of 21 million.
The former leader of Ivory Coast will be the first ex-president to be tried by the court when it opens on Thursday.
Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index staged a forceful rebound, closing 5.9 percent higher, and the momentum carried over to Europe. Oil was also up.
Los Angeles has a supply of old office and industrial buildings that are being turned into “creative spaces” for companies seeking an airy, sleek workplace.
Militants descended Saturday evening on the small village of Dalori, where they unleashed a torrent of gunfire, set homes ablaze, blew up fleeing residents and abducted children.
The United States and the European Union have deemed refugees and Syria more important than Turkish democracy. That’s a mistake.
The drinking water may have exposed tens of thousands of people to lead and other toxic chemicals. But few see a way to pick up and move someplace safe.
It may be a political football for presidential candidates, but the liveliest debate recently about the Trans-Pacific Partnership is among blue-ribbon economists.
Laurence D. Fink of BlackRock urged 500 chief executives in a letter to stop providing quarterly earnings estimates.
Having tried to mobilize the public in its favor, Airbnb offers to collect $200 million in hotel taxes for cities.
The major indexes in the United States were all down more than 3 percent but then staged a turnaround in the final hour.
The presidential candidate will not be at the World Economic Forum. But the force behind his unlikely campaign for the White House will be a focus.
Netanyahu and Rubio are wrong. Toughness is no more than empty aggression when it will not admit to misjudgment.
A 60-second ad titled “This House” presents Mrs. Clinton as the “one candidate for president who has everything it takes to do every part of the job.”
After the sudden closure of a shoe factory, a migrant worker heads back to his home in the countryside. China has been hit hard by the slowing economy.
A 2005 mandate requiring oil refiners to blend ethanol into gasoline has been a boondoggle for the rest of the country, and could face a congressional vote on its future.
A huge fire reduced Edwards Virginia Smokehouse to rubble, and the loss of its famed hams has had ripple effects far beyond the state.
The president seeks $4 billion to help states expand in an area he views as critical to young people’s success in a changing job market.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Whether or not negotiators reach a pact by Feb. 1 on how companies like Google and Facebook use Europeans’ online data, Isabelle Falque-Pierrotin is in a position to propel privacy protection efforts.
Worsening economic conditions in 2010 led the Federal Reserve to act to try to avoid a new recession or a deflationary trap.
Saudi Arabia and other oil-producing nations are relying on sovereign wealth funds because of falling oil prices.
The president has said he will seek more encounters in his last year with people who disagree with him, though recent events have drawn supportive crowds.
The country’s opposition-led Parliament will need robust international support to make headway on needed reforms.
As an oil glut grows despite production cuts, investors worry about a slowdown in the global economy.
Reports in some state-run news outlets in China are riddled with euphemisms, and other sources have largely focused on the mechanics of the election.
Crude was trading below $30 a barrel as worries of a worsening glut weighed on investors.
The Commerce Department said sales fell 0.1 percent in December, raising concerns about the economic recovery.
The administration unveiled a plan aimed at extracting more money from companies for mining on federal land and using that revenue to help coal communities train for new jobs.
They said they would focus on national security, the economy, health care, poverty and the Constitution after a meeting in Baltimore.
The Obama administration yielded to opposition from coastal communities from Virginia to Georgia but dashed the hopes of many of those states’ leaders.
FleetCor, based in Georgia, said it was impressed with how its acquisition, Serviços e Tecnologia de Pagamentos, has fared during Brazil’s downturn.
A prolific writer and popular public speaker, Mr. Thurow sounded an early alarm about the growing income gap between rich and poor Americans.
The explanation may be that for all its controversy and imperfections, the sweeping law has taken hold.
Exclusive automakers like Jaguar, Rolls-Royce, Bentley and Lamborghini are giving in to the marketplace and bringing sport utility vehicles to America.
He says while the 2014 protests failed to gain any concessions from Beijing, social justice has now replaced social status on the people’s list of priorities.
Two of Wall Street’s main gauges are down 10 percent from their most recent high, which is called a correction, and the Dow is close.
Although there are difficult challenges ahead, President Obama’s pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran over the nuclear threat has so far paid off.
To protect the global economy, Washington needs to send Beijing a clear message.
A divergence in the figures on hiring and output might be explained in part by the changing nature of the American economy.
The regional business issues and parochial peeves that once shaped early primary contests are rapidly losing clout in this election season.
The bursting of the bubble did not cause the recession. The Fed did.
With Puerto Rico’s power authority $9 billion in debt and the commonwealth owing $72 billion, free electricity may end.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Officials from the group announced that they would convene a meeting on Monday to decide whether to declare a public health emergency.
At least 15 states offer public education funding incentives for certain high-demand degrees — and humanities majors are not among them.
The island nation has mounted an aggressive response to illegal fishing in their waters. How they protect themselves may help the rest of the world save all of the oceans.
It’s not clear that it would even be legal in the United States.
Saudi Arabia, Russia, Venezuela and Qatar agreed to hold production steady as a way to bolster energy prices. But they will proceed only if others do.
Recovering from her loss in New Hampshire, Mrs. Clinton projected confidence as she debated Bernie Sanders, challenging him on issues beyond income inequality.
Faced with dwindling populations and rising costs, tiny localities like Cary Plantation find that their only salvation might be in dissolving themselves.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Worried that an advantage in immigration law may end as the United States restores relations with their country, many Cubans have rushed off the island, only to be stalled in Central America.
Despite a raft of stimulus measures, China’s economy is faltering as companies like shipbuilders increasingly lose business.
The case of five employees of a publishing house calls into question the legal guarantee that people in Hong Kong would be shielded from China’s reach until midcentury.
As hundreds of volunteers fanned out across the state to knock on doors, the Democratic candidates campaigned in vote-rich counties in eastern Iowa.
Two-thirds of the population is under 30, and that generation has outgrown the authoritarian style and patronage system of Prime Minister Hun Sen.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
After his defeat of Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday, Bernie Sanders will have a chance to prove himself in a state as racially diverse as Iowa and New Hampshire are not.
The United States and its allies called for an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council after North Korea defied warnings with the launch.
With Syrians fleeing the civil war by the tens of thousands, neighboring countries like Jordan are increasingly overwhelmed and reluctant to let them in.
As a referendum on membership looms, support for “Brexit” is growing.
Backers of Hillary Clinton, nervous about a surging Senator Bernie Sanders, are warning that he could send other Democrats in tight races to defeat.
The pathogens that frighten me most are novel strains of avian influenza.
Bucolic scenes cast President Xi Jinping as a paternal leader in the mold of Mao, at home with rustic virtues, but those images do not match reality.
The nature of marriage is changing, and that is contributing to income inequality, research shows.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
London is a center of global trading, and most banking executives say they would have much to lose from a so-called Brexit. But some see benefits.
Tumult in emerging markets and the commodities sectors could create both real and psychological hits to an economy that is already growing sluggishly.
The number of Islamic State fighters in Libya has grown to between 5,000 and 6,500, Pentagon officials said, more than double the estimate of last fall.
It all depends on what currency you use to keep track.
It’s past time to restart prison education programs, providing the marketable skills that keep past offenders from returning to jail.
The branch offices of three Russian banks were firebombed or looted over the weekend, and some of the attacks by Ukrainian nationalists.
While FanDuel and DraftKings look the other way, a small set of sophisticated high rollers is preying upon millions of innocent newbies — like me — every day.
Even a feud between two leading petroleum producers may not faze a world awash in cheap oil.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Aides to Mr. McConnell said the bill would provide a new platform for showcasing what Republicans view as Mr. Obama’s failings in combating the Islamic State.
With iPhone sales projected to decelerate, investors will be scouring Apple’s earnings report on Tuesday for signs of how fast the company’s downshift is happening.
In moderation, consumer debt can help encourage economic activity, but in excess, it can create bubbles that threaten the economy.
More investors are committing money to socially responsible funds, and companies are rolling out offerings. But it can be hard to determine what funds will and won’t invest in.
As the price of oil has declined, one investor is betting that the price of land will, too. So he is raising a $100 million private equity fund to buy Texas ranches.
Reports in Iran’s news media that linked a visit by the Turkish president to Saudi Arabia with the kingdom’s execution of a Shiite cleric stirred anger in Turkey.
In a move that would have political and demographic motives, the kingdom is considering its strategy while the price of oil remains low.
Spoiler: It’s Inflation, which can help Hollywood promote its successes, and which can increase the Fed’s ability to stimulate the economy.
Mr. Obama said the legislation would “reverse the significant progress we have made in improving health care in America.”
People in Taiwan are increasingly worried that growing cross-strait trade and investment are making the island dangerously dependent on China.
As human resource departments look to reward employees without paying more, the idea of team-building through offsite gatherings is growing in popularity.
More than 1,000 people shared their thoughts about the country’s direction under its new right-wing government. Here is a selection.
The vast changes wrought by technology have not expanded economic opportunities or improved access to basic public services in ways that many had expected.
Much of the improvement in profit came from continuing cuts to the bank’s expenses and work force.
How President Obama’s economic message contrasts with what the 2016 candidates are saying.
Top high-yield bond funds, a.k.a. junk funds, are down as much as 11 percent since summer of 2014, and market volatility points conservative investors toward safer bets.
Angus’ Cafe Bistro, a restaurant on West 44th Street, attracted stars and producers of ‘The Producers’ as investors and patrons.
Ratings and running times are in parentheses; foreign films have English subtitles. Full reviews of all current releases: nytimes.com/movies.
No one can accurately predict the short-term path of the stock market. But even if no single reliable indicator exists, there are some signs to watch.
President Paul Kagame backers abroad should pay more attention to the country’s worsening human rights abuses.
The Stock Trader’s Almanac first posited that January markets can foretell the direction of the trading year, but statistics experts say causation is impossible to prove — or disprove.
The declines came as President Vladimir Putin said that the drops had a positive side, in that they would lead Russia to improve financial policies.
If anyone can save these billionaires from the cultural penalty box, it just might be Showtime and its new show starring Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti.
The speech attempted to lift Americans above the miasma of a brutal presidential campaign to reflect on the nation’s achievements and resilience.
Overseas assets and commodities have performed so poorly, for so long, that maybe the time has come for relief.
Many countries signaled that they would take a measured approach, sympathizing with Saudi Arabia, a powerful ally, but also trying to avoid a conflict with Iran.
The campaign has released a new ad in New Hampshire that focuses on illegal immigration.
An armed group that is occupying a wildlife reserve in Oregon has called for Washington to hand control of federal lands to ranchers and local governments.
As companies like General Electric and Hasbro experiment with seeking ideas and funding from the masses, Indiegogo has started offering them consulting services.
Mayor Bill de Blasio is set to announce on Wednesday a $15-an-hour minimum wage for New York City’s public work force that city officials said would be among the highest of its kind in the country.
But the bank’s fourth-quarter results were muted somewhat by the impact of dropping oil prices.
The nation is recasting itself as a glamour and eco-tourism destination, but its African-inflected culture is what lulls you.
The bank said it was streamlining its operations there so it could place greater emphasis on its corporate arm, which is larger and more profitable.
The illusions of the G.O.P. elite may be no better than those of the leading candidate.
The $2.5 billion proposal might require a bridge between Greenpoint, Brooklyn, and Long Island City, Queens, and another one over the Gowanus Canal near Red Hook, Brooklyn.
Faustin Archange Touadéra, a former prime minister, was declared the winner of the presidential election in the Central African Republic, which emerged from a civil war with a devastated economy.
The sprawling encampment under a highway, known as the Jungle, has become harder for Seattle residents to ignore as conditions deteriorate.
A Chilean-born activist in the East End created Voz Latina, a bilingual newspaper, hoping to engage Latinos and build connections with English-speaking residents.
There are no guarantees that leaders in Brussels will reach a deal to convince Britain to stay in the bloc, and Prime Minister David Cameron could also face a tough campaign to avoid an exit.
Breaking with a 41-year-old tradition, the Republican chairmen of the House and Senate budget committees said they would not invite the president’s budget director to testify on the proposal.
The Fed chairwoman, testifying before Congress, reiterated the central bank’s gradual approach to interest-rate increases.
While not a surprise, Representative Sander Levin’s stance could encourage other Democrats to reject the agreement, a White House priority.
Protecting your belongings and making sure of insurance are important steps to take, experts say.
Chinese investors are still nervous about the markets, even after Beijing replaced the top securities regulator.
American power still counts but no longer clinches the deal. We have no business building other nations.
President Hassan Rouhani and his allies seem to have run strongly in voting for Parliament and Iran’s clerical panel, though official results are pending.
With Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton, among others, the company is struggling as a result of the slowdown in China and other countries that had driven global growth.
The Venezuelan president should realize that his options will only get worse if he doesn't start working with the National Assembly.
A paper by a group of economists argues that the Federal Reserve’s efforts to speak more clearly about its plans for monetary policy set up markets for disappointments.
As Chinese companies look to get more currency out of China by buying American companies, the United States’ Committee on Foreign Investment’s review of those deals is coming under scrutiny.
João Santana, a campaign strategist for the nation’s last two presidents, has been accused in the widening Petrobras corruption scandal.
A proposal for a monthly broadband subsidy for low-income households is expected to be approved by the F.C.C.’s commissioners later this month.
Mr. Dana, 56, is the president and chief executive of Onex Real Estate Partners, the real estate arm of Onex, one of Canada’s largest private equity firms.
Last week’s election was a victory for pragmatism. Is that what the country needs in order to reform?
Ms. Pritzker, the commerce secretary, discussed the difficulties in reconciling differing privacy protections in Europe and the United States.
The presidential race began to shift in earnest to the industrial Midwest on Friday, offering a preview of what the general election might look like.
Hillary Clinton, campaigning in Michigan before the Tuesday primary, also offered proposals to strip tax benefits from companies that move jobs overseas.
While the White House denies any internal disagreement over its legal battle with Apple, the differences in the administration have become increasingly apparent.
Generations of fans offered recollections and images from their personal Bob Dylan archives: vinyl records, his mother’s autograph, a backstage bottle of bourbon.
Scholars distill the rival theories fleshed out by Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders as they compete for the Democratic nomination.
The Pew Research Center found that religious and social divisions in Israel are reflected in “starkly contrasting positions on many public policy questions.”
Research shows higher deductibles reduce spending, but it does not show that they lead workers to compare prices or make wise choices on where to cut.
Bad debts have been a drag on economic activity ever since the financial crisis of 2008, but the threat appears to be rising, and China is the biggest source of worry.
The friendly deal comes four years after Lowe’s was unsuccessful in a hostile bid to expand in Canada by buying Rona.
Many critical medical facilities are minimally prepared for disasters.
Regarded in Germany as a national asset and a symbol of economic might, Deutsche Bank now sits at the center of the “too big to fail” debate.
Chinese interest in American tech companies, like the failed bid for Fairchild Semiconductor, is drawing scrutiny from the White House and Congress.
Mohamed A. El-Erian, the former Pimco chief, says serious investment in the “real economy” is needed, and only Congress and the White House can do it.
The mayor’s speech did not convey an overarching theme in service of a single policy initiative as much as it offered proposals that the city could do largely on its own.
When players like Jackson Martínez and Alex Teixeira leave Europe for China, it is just the latest stop in a career path that started when they left home while young.
The New Hampshire primary victories of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump are rooted in decades of failure by politicians to improve American lives.
Mylan is buying greater exposure to over-the-counter products, which represent 40 percent of Meda’s product sales, and an entry into emerging markets.
An exodus of capital, in which companies and individuals are moving money outside China, is casting doubt on the nation’s economic prospects.
European governments have allowed fears about migration and terrorism to erode their commitment to civil rights, the group said in a new report.
As the online gig economy grows, workers are beginning to band together to secure what they see as fairer treatment from companies that make them feel more like employees than contractors.
Venezuela’s newly empowered opposition wants to give away the deeds to hundreds of thousands of government-built homes — to win the loyalties of the poor.
David Cameron has outlined a truly conservative, pragmatic response to poverty. We need an American version of it.
European Union officials in Brussels want uniform rules, but many countries prefer to use tax policies to reward or punish big multinationals.
At a cabinet meeting, the Israeli prime minister said, “Israel’s policy has been and will remain exactly what it has been: not to allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons.”
Tucked into a piece of legislation are a few words that will change how American officials treat Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
The White House is working with Hillary Clinton’s campaign in ways large and small. Their two staffs consult on issues and the positions she takes on the president’s policy priorities.
Investors in Deutsche Bank should look very carefully at the bank’s offer to buy back 5 billion euros of its senior unsecured bonds.
Members of Redemption, based in Greenville, S.C., are proud of their ethnic diversity. But discussion of the state’s presidential primaries? “A taboo,” one woman there said.
Before Pope Francis’s arrival in Mexico, we asked readers there to tell us what he should know about their lives. We received more than 500 responses on Facebook.
Despite Putin’s threats, the West should keep its promises of closer ties.
There is a growing audience for movies, plays, television shows and novels that address the misdeeds and systemic failures that led to the collapse in 2008.
If the Fed presses ahead with an increase in its benchmark interest rate, it could undermine the economy just as things are starting to improve.
All Chipotle stores will be closed for four hours on Monday, and after a shake-up at Viacom, the media company will report on Tuesday how it’s faring.
Addressing supporters in New Hampshire, he portrayed his wife’s opponent for the Democratic nomination as hypocritical, dishonest and “hermetically sealed.”
The German chancellor’s emergence as Europe’s pre-eminent leader makes her a strong candidate to succeed Ban Ki-moon.
What are the lessons from the end of the “pink tide”? Watch out for corruption.
Washington should rein in the junta's increasingly dictatorial ways by isolating it from traditional Bangkok-based elites.
Mr. Obama’s trip represents the start of a new era of engagement between the United States and Cuba, but it also underscores the countries’ deep disagreements.
After a disappointing end of his campaign for the Republican nomination, and with only 10 months left in his term, Senator Marco Rubio goes back to work at the Capitol.
The two leaders announced commitments to reduce planet-warming emissions of methane and pledged cooperation in preserving the Arctic.
The presidential candidate closed Ohio’s budget shortfall in part by cutting aid to local governments, forcing some of them to raise taxes or cut services.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and lawmakers in Albany could soon announce an agreement to raise hourly pay to $15, but that minimum might not apply statewide.
China is the world’s largest market for new cars, but its slowing economy could leave automakers with too many factories and not enough buyers.
Delegates overwhelmingly approved President Xi Jinping’s framework for China’s development, but they and their staff shied away from casual conversation.
People overreact to price or income changes within a category like gasoline, working to save or splurge more than they would for a similar change in overall income.
As money rushes in to the United States, regulators should be thinking about the lessons of the 2008 financial crisis.
Latvian home prices fell in the second part of 2007 by as much as 65 percent, but the market has since stabilized.
Beijing hopes to turns the country’s hundreds of millions of itinerant laborers into homeowners as the slumping property market drags on the economy.
The city’s tourism-marketing agency plans to announce a forecast of 59.7 million visitors this year, an increase from last year’s record of 58.3 million.
In the comedy-drama “Dry Powder,” at the Public Theater, an equity firm and its top executives behave very badly.
Some residents are rooting for a tech downturn, in the latest sign that San Francisco has become an example of what-not-to-follow.
The first quarter of 2016 was a fairly weak time for deal making, yet somehow the numbers came out all right.
Chinese companies have been on a foreign acquisition spree in recent years, looking abroad for deals in an effort to diversify.
He’s done a real service, for the party he only recently joined, and for the country.
At the bottom of the World Happiness Report, a list of more than 150 countries, was Burundi, where a violent political crisis broke out last year.
While Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo pushes for a higher hourly wage, the experience of one business illustrates the impact that such an increase could have on many companies.
An edited transcript of a telephone interview with the Republican presidential candidate.
Xu Xiang was a legend in the country’s booming stock market — until the bubble he helped to create took him down with it.
Relations between Beijing and Washington are at their lowest point in 15 years, buffeted by China’s territorial claims over the strategic waterway.
The European Central Bank announced a set of unexpected measures that will include, in effect, paying commercial banks to lend money to businesses and consumers.
Mr. Trump could become the first Republican nominee in nearly a century who has called for higher import taxes as a defense against low-cost imports.
We’ve gone from complaining that the Democrats wouldn’t meet enough times to wondering when the talking will stop.
The government said it needed a new mandate to pursue the economic changes that it deems essential for the country to join the European Union.
Ossining, N.Y., hopes to preserve the legacy of Sing Sing, in hopes of attracting hundreds of thousands of visitors to the infamous prison.
The 50-state model is holding the country back. It needs a new system, built around urban corridors.
At a joint appearance by Janet Yellen, the Fed chairwoman, and her three living predecessors, the conversation quickly turned to their economic outlook.
President Buhari needs to give up the quixotic currency peg and let the naira’s value fall.
The $305 million is to pay for construction of two deep shafts that will connect with the supply tunnel.
He was criticized for seemingly unclear answers in an interview, but taken as a whole, they mostly track with a plan he has put before Congress.
A 1996 law creating work rules and time limits for aid recipients was initially hailed as a success, but poverty rates remain high, a daunting problem for the next president.
The founder of the global crafters’ marketplace creates his own handmade world.
There is broad agreement that President Dilma Rousseff’s administration employed budgetary tricks, but legal experts are divided on whether that amounts to an impeachable offense.
Mr. Aylwin, the first civilian elected after the Pinochet dictatorship, created a truth commission to investigate human rights abuses.
After a rough week, Donald J. Trump tried to refocus his campaign on Wednesday with a speech attacking his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. But he took liberties with the truth.
The coalition government’s collapse will worsen the nation’s deep economic troubles.
In his speech, Mr. Trump delivered blistering attacks on his rival interspersed with his own policy proposals.
The titles the musician and artist would most want with her on a desert island.
In New York and other cities with steep housing costs, a longstanding objection to home-sharing sites is that some listings remove units from the residential market.
She embraced the economic discontent that has fueled the rise of her opponents, while presenting herself as the person most qualified to address it.
Referendums can distill complex issues into a simplistic choice. But sometimes the people just need to be heard.
Mr. Rajan, who as governor of the Reserve Bank of India has been popular with investors but faced opposition from India’s ruling party, said he would leave when his term ends in the fall.
Markets tend to be very efficient, except when they’re not. And those are the times that can be brutal for investors.
As the president faces a possible impeachment, working-class people who brought her party to power say they feel abandoned and want a change.
A bishop who invited Mr. Sanders to a conference said his focus on climate change and his attention to poor people were “very analogous to that of the pope.”
China said its economy grew 6.7 percent, the slowest quarterly rate since the financial crisis in 2009 but also exactly what economists had forecast.
The administration is considering expanding its involvement in Iraq and Syria, and may announce its new plans in the next several days.
The Japanese automaker said its methods did not exaggerate results. Also Wednesday, the chief of Mitsubishi said he would resign after a fuel-test scandal there.
As Saudi Arabia considers selling shares in its state oil company, the real eye-opening development will be where it lists the shares.
The agency said it had possible suspects in the death of Maurice Spagnoletti, a top executive of Doral Financial, in June 2011.
Investors are willing to pay interest to own the debt in reaction to worries that Britain will leave the European Union as well as to concerns over the global economy.
With two Democratic primaries on Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton was hoping for a victory in Kentucky, but Bernie Sanders was expected to win easily in Oregon.
Mr. Fuller joined the paper at 16 and went on to win a Pulitzer Prize and to preside over Tribune Company’s $8 billion acquisition of Times Mirror.
The legislation, now headed to the House and opposed by the White House, is another sign of escalating tensions between the Mideast nation and the U.S.
President Obama condemned many of Donald J. Trump’s ideas and urged the use of logic in politics in a commencement address on Sunday.
European opposition to a sweeping trade deal involving the United States has focused on the confidentiality surrounding the talks.
The country’s president threatened to seize idle factories amid economic chaos, and American officials warned that even his allies were turning against him.
The step followed months of political paralysis and discord over who should form a government after inconclusive voting in December.
The soaring hopes fed by a subsidized, state-directed, commodity-fueled economy have lately come crashing back to earth.
The country’s new governing party has long wielded great power in this oil-rich state — a place afflicted by crime, graft, pollution and economic woes.
Victims of a Ponzi scheme have sued MetLife, claiming it failed to oversee brokers selling products connected to the insurance giant.
The decision stirred a strong response, with some speaking of “dark times for Brazil” and others saying “her removal means hope for the people.”
Steven Mnuchin, a hedge fund veteran himself, starts calling on big-money donors at a hedge fund conference gilded with Trump supporters.
The lawmakers voted on Thursday to suspend Ms. Rousseff, whose sagging fortunes embody widespread anger at corruption and a battered economy.
As the Group of Seven leaders gather in Japan, the role of free trade in the dislocations and anxieties of the developed world is a subject of dispute.
Despite plenty of reasons to reflect anxiety, they’ve remained fairly calm.
Seen as practical and elegant, wood is being reimagined for the needs of modern urban environments, and at ever-increasing heights.
The prime minister, in an address to lawmakers in Washington, talked about the benefits of growing economic and military ties.
Share sales in New York and Tokyo could value Line at more than $5 billion, the biggest market debut for a technology company so far this year.
The collapse of the European Union is implausible but not impossible. It is time to awaken to the dangers.
Where are the songs about his disdain for the lower classes?
The airline had increased security in response to political turmoil, Islamist terrorism and “We will bring this plane down” once being written on the plane that crashed Thursday.
The Fed chief said evidence of a rebound was mounting, but did not suggest that a June rate increase was a foregone conclusion.
Verizon retreated on some major points and gained tools for paring down its work force in the tentative pact reached with unions representing nearly 40,000 striking workers.
Mexico City’s real estate market is performing strongly this year, agents say, with many new developments and higher prices across the board.
Speaking in North Dakota, at the heart of America’s oil and gas boom, Mr. Trump vowed to restore coal mining jobs and “cancel” the Paris climate change accord.
The executive order, which will apply to agencies in the New York governor’s administration, is meant to show support for Israel amid a Palestinian-backed economic campaign.
The Pew survey of respondents in 10 European countries shows increasing unhappiness with the bloc during a period of low growth and a crisis in migration.
In a yo-yo privatization pattern, cash-hungry Russia is offering stakes in an oil company it privatized in the 2000s and recently repossessed.
A slightly longer-run perspective offsets some short-run gloom, but the numbers suggest the economy is slowing.
The epicenter was on the northwest coast, but areas popular with tourists, like Quito, were spared. Travel firms say the country will remain a draw.
It seems hard to think of a time in recent United States history when policy makers have had so little room to maneuver to help the economy.
What the haters and the hagiographers get wrong.
Entities linked to North Korea run an expanding empire of restaurants abroad, pumping badly needed profits back to the North.
Alan Page retired as an N.F.L. star and later as a justice with the Minnesota Supreme Court, but he still has work to do.
Germany prospered in recent years by exporting to emerging countries. Now the slowdown in emerging markets is leaving Germany, and Europe, vulnerable.
A weak British economy has dampened sales in Wales, though some market watchers expect moderate price increases, primarily because of short supply.
The walkout came before a meeting of eurozone finance ministers that Athens hopes will help unlock new bailout loans.
Ms. Topol, who recently directed “Ironbound” at Rattlestick, will take over the theater company.
King Salman issued a new wave of royal decrees, replacing a number of top ministers and restructuring government bodies.
Also, activist shareholders at Exxon Mobil and Chevron are expected to make climate change an issue at annual meetings, while workers plan to protest at the McDonald’s shareholder meeting.
The songwriter Conor Oberst will perform on June 10 at College Street Music Hall in New Haven, Conn., and the Felice Brothers will open the show.
As Hillary Clinton tries to unite her party against Donald Trump, she is looking at what can be salvaged or discarded from her husband’s legacy.
Two events this week highlight little-known progressive successes.
Most laborers used to get paid extra for working extra. What happened?
Carl Barney made millions running for-profit colleges, but he says it’s Rand’s unapologetic vision of unfettered capitalism that has put him on top.
On-demand beauty apps let you order up a massage, manicure or other treatment while you lounge at a vacation rental.
Fusion will anchor Univision’s new Fusion Media Group, to be distributed on a mix of digital and traditional media.
Cuba reversed a decades-long policy on Friday that prevented Cuban-born people from traveling to or from the island by ship.
The news agency reported that Giulio Regeni, an Italian graduate student, was in police custody before his death, a claim that law enforcement officials have denied.
Mr. Trump is trying to reassure party officials that he knows there are norms even he has to follow, and that he can sustain a costly general election campaign.
As president of the small Central African nation, Mr. Bagaza invested in infrastructure but did little to make his country a stable democracy.
In the latest example of a market’s slowdown, the developer Joseph Chetrit is selling the tower to companies that will turn it into an office building.
A guide to movies playing at theaters in the New York City area, as well as select festivals and film series.
The reduction has not been revealed, but analysts say it is substantial. Low output for an extended period could have a significant economic impact.
He made an offhand comment that, if taken literally, would amount to threatening to undermine the United States’ creditworthiness.
Even with a recovering economy, high unemployment (20 percent) is part of life, and youth unemployment is at 45.5 percent.
The Republican Party’s crisis over Donald J. Trump reflects years of fraying ties between party elites and voters.
The candidates are portraying an America under threat from its challenges, which plays down progress made on many economic and social issues.
The company has said it used improper methods to test fuel economy for 25 years, and on Wednesday it said every model it sold in Japan was affected.
Many blame the one-party system for their discontents but appreciate that the system underwrites their comfortable lives.
Ant Financial, one of the world’s largest electronic-payments companies, received investments from a number of companies backed by the Chinese government.
A nonprofit, Tech:NYC, aims to make New York more appealing to start-ups, big tech companies and venture firms.
As migrant arrivals drop, the tranquil Greek island renews hope for a rise in tourists.
A report could add a note of fiscal reality to a presidential campaign that has given scant attention to the fiscal challenges of an aging population.
While first results from the Federal Reserve suggest banks are prepared for a severe downturn, they may have to hold on to more of their own capital.
It is still unclear how many people died in the April 2015 shipwreck, which helped galvanize efforts to rescue people fleeing across the Mediterranean to Europe.
Mr. Osborne, who is in charge of economic policy, appealed for calm before financial markets opened in London.
Officials say no country shares the United States’ worldview quite the way Britain does in terms of security, intelligence and trade.
Many American workers are hobbled by the contracts, but some states want to untangle them from the agreements to compete with states that limit the clauses.
New Jersey’s governor is trying to strip poor communities of desperately needed school aid in order to fund property tax cuts for suburbanites.
Some economists warn that the policies largely favored by the banks could further alienate the public and increase the frustration that encouraged Britons to vote for leaving the European Union.
George Soros, Leon Cooperman and other top investors confidently predicted that Britain would remain in the E.U. Now they’re proceeding with caution.
On Monday, five former Barclays employees are expected in court in London. Also this week: A report from the Commerce Department along with new details from the Fed.
The judge who ruled on MetLife’s designation as “too big to fail” is a legal rock star. But financial oversight isn’t her area of expertise.
Better times may be ahead as China innovates, technological skills become more egalitarian and social norms evolve.
Is the economy the driving force? Nationalism? Arthur C. Brooks and Gail Collins argue over the meaning of the rise of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.
The request by the opposition leader, Mehdi Karroubi, who is under house arrest, highlighted a deepening rift in Iran’s reformist wing.
The candidates’ reactions to the failure of five large banks to pass a key test under the Dodd-Frank law characterized their sharp differences.
Officials cast the announcement as a statement of resolve by the world’s two largest greenhouse gas polluters, even though there are doubts about whether the United States can meet its obligations.
Fine, it was just a long-lost movie prop. But the discovery by an underwater drone highlighted the enduring appeal of searching for Nessie.
Criterion’s “The Kennedy Films of Robert Drew & Associates” presents early-’60s documentaries, while “Panic in Year Zero!” reflects period fears.
As the post-Castro era looms, Cuban leaders are debating reforms behind closed doors.
Some private equity firms that came in as the cleanup crew for the housing crisis are now repeating errors that banks committed, while others are bypassing the working poor.
The report from the Institute for Fiscal Studies, a frequent critic of government economic plans, was a boon for Prime Minister David Cameron.
Nigeria’s president claims the jihadist group has been beaten. In reality, it’s just evolved.
Chronic weakness in Europe and what it means.
Employees are regaining some bargaining power lost in the recession, but not the power lost over the last three decades.
Unless business and government do something to improve the economy’s capability, the United States will be stuck with anemic rates of growth.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
On the 50th anniversary of the Cultural Revolution, Didi Kirsten Tatlow knows she’s not the only person in China who’s dreaming about the Chairman.
State budgets that rely on multimillionaire taxpayers are vulnerable to sudden shortfalls.
The ride-hailing companies halted service after voters approved retaining a measure that the City Council said was the best way to weed out drivers with criminal records.
A BBC reporting crew was detained and expelled for what North Korea deemed a disrespectful portrayal of the country and its leader.
Not everyone is eager to see the city “disrupted,” even if it means more convenient ride sharing.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
A district of Brussels had in effect seceded from Belgium. Europe must fight an ideological battle against Wahhabi Islam.
The government of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi returned two islands in the Red Sea to King Salman of Saudi Arabia in recognition of his support.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
California and New York are headed to a higher minimum wage, but they are taking different paths to get there.
In 2011, Mr. Trump and his co-defendants settled a suit involving one of his buildings amid a storm that threatened to cast a harsh light on how he did business.
Give poor families an allowance for every child.
Robert Carlock and Tina Fey’s Netflix series begins Season 2 with its tireless, formless, free-flowing pursuit of laughs intact.
China has been taking its case to the international news media ahead of a court decision in a suit filed by the Philippines that challenges Beijing’s claims.
Bistros catering to locals may be full, but not luxury restaurants for tourists.
As a May 1 deadline nears, terms of a bill to rescue the island are unresolved, risking greater injury to its ailing economy.
As the candidates for president grapple with a vanishing manufacturing base, their solutions ignore the reality of an irrevocable change in the global economy.
The eurozone, the 19 countries that use the euro, has finally edged back above its precrisis level, but doubts persist about its prospects.
The historian says a focus on elite politics and intellectuals ignores the actual experience of the mass of ordinary Chinese during that tumultuous decade.
A plan that might reduce the country’s oil dependency.
Democrats and Republicans disagree, and Trump supporters aren’t sure, but the year 2000 stands out more than any other.
Some understanding of economic reality would be an asset to a presidential candidate, but only one of the three main contenders appears to possess it.
A historian argues that 19th-century citizens wanted to help Indians and slaves by deporting them.
Robert F. Worth reports on developments in the Middle East following the Arab Spring.
Houses from British Columbia have been taken by barge and restored in the San Juan Islands to help give struggling families an affordable way to stay.
The vote sends the case to the Senate, which will decide whether to hold a trial on charges that the president illegally used money from state-owned banks.
New home prices in the country’s biggest cities are surging, led by the southern boomtown of Shenzhen.
The disciplinary system in the union contract must be changed to improve accountability.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
For most Americans, the weather has been improving. So why worry?
Climate change can be countered and the environment saved, but not if the hair spray-obsessed, science-denying Donald Trump is elected.
The slowdown could delay a decision by the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates. The unemployment rate dipped after workers dropped out of the labor force.
A North Korean official, Ri Su-yong, said during talks with the Chinese in Beijing that his country would continue trying to expand its nuclear arsenal while striving to rebuild its economy.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Washington did not complain when Beijing’s spending helped global growth, a Chinese official said, adding that the impact of closing factories was hard to estimate.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on how the state’s “bathroom bill” applies to a family reunion and whether loyalty to a nanny is worth paying overtime.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Ninety percent of those killed were Hispanic or of Hispanic descent, including 23 Puerto Ricans, and Florida’s large islander population felt a communal grief.
As the writer learned in her stint as an Airbnb host, the hospitality business is one long, grinning, love-me-please tap dance, more easily disparaged than done.
Nguyen Quang A, an activist blocked from meeting with President Obama, says the Communist Party sometimes needs coaxing, and sometimes confrontation.
There’s nothing glorious about isolation. True patriotism shows in voting for a positive role within the European Union.
Investing in former prison inmates is not only morally right, it’s economically smart.
Women are often left out of economics, a new book argues.
Proponents of Britain’s exit from the European Union are trying to convince the country that any freedom it gains would not be offset by the risks to prosperity.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Going door to door, a Los Angeles-based activist group tries to reduce prejudice against transgender people. A new study finds that it works.
The regulatory reform law needs defending and strengthening, not weakening.
The flamboyant mayor may have embarrassed some with his antics, but he was proof of how a city can thrive.
“This is close to a Goldilocks scenario,” one analyst said, pointing out that hiring and wage gains were strong, but not too strong, as the economy continues to heal.
Career specialists and economists are upbeat about prospects for this year’s graduates. But not all job seekers have reason to be optimistic.
The lone star state has a P.R. problem these days. But it’s still my home.
Emerging-market stocks could again become one of the best-performing asset classes, but another “supercycle” may be years away.
As Britain prepares to vote on June 23 on European Union membership, both sides of the debate warn of dangerous outcomes. We debunk, or back up, their claims.
Banks are refusing to do business with money transmitters, closing or freezing accounts over concerns about money laundering and regulatory scrutiny.
A hero to some and a villain to others, Francesca Immacolata Chaouqui stands accused with two others of leaking confidential documents to two journalists.
Even if Sanders were to concede after Tuesday, he could boast of having moved the Democratic Party to the populist left.
Discontent bred of globalization and economic devastation has precedent in history. Such dynamics preceded both world wars.
Why low-watt anxiety, not total catastrophe, could open the way to the White House.
Bob Graham, a former senator leading the effort to declassify 28 pages, said he was wary of another layer of complexity in the process.
Sixteen hundred years before the European Union, Brexit meant leaving the Roman Empire.
Hillary Clinton spoke about the economic policies and political acumen of Donald J. Trump in a speech in Ohio on Tuesday.
Donald Trump is right, for once: Companies need to chip in to help workers with their kids.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
A shrunken economy and political isolation, possible outcomes if Britain withdraws from the E.U., could weaken London’s influence on Hong Kong affairs.
The decision that the British just made was an act of courage — the courage of a people who embrace their freedom.
Markets have already taken a hit, but if Britain leaves the European Union, don’t expect a recovery any time soon.
Ledecky, who has her sights set on winning the 200, 400 and 800 freestyles at the Rio Games, has a supporter in Debbie Meyer, an American who swept the races at the 1968 Olympics.
Beijing said it had cut off contact because Taiwan’s new president failed to endorse the idea that Taiwan and the mainland are part of one China.
After choosing to leave the European Union, Britain confronts the need to define a new role on the world stage even as it heals deep wounds at home.
Will negative campaigning work as effectively for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as it has for past candidates?
Britain’s vote to leave the European Union brings into focus the power of disaffected voters to force change on a reluctant establishment.
The United Kingdom is what the European Union aspired to be but never became: a multinational state. The vote to leave the union may push Scotland and Northern Ireland to undo that arrangement.
The partnership between Djokovic and Becker, his coach, has been beneficial to both men, with one atop the rankings and the other back in the swing again.
The British pound and stock prices plummeted, there was immediate pressure for another referendum on Scottish independence, and David Cameron said he would resign by October.
A struggling economy, government corruption and the Zika virus have generated unwanted publicity before the Games.
Those forces have self-reinforcing, vicious-cycle dimensions that make it a perilous time for the world’s economies.
By deciding to leave the European Union, Britain has created global economic uncertainty.
Sixteen months after ground was broken, a plan by a Chinese billionaire that would link the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and greatly alter a country is shrouded in mystery and controversy.
Kaliningrad, a part of Russia on the Baltic Sea, has become heavily armed amid tensions with the West.
Two new books on saving and investing discuss making career moves that raise the value of your labor, which in turn can help you save more.
Donald Trump polls better online than he does by phone. Does that tell us something about November?
In their desire to leave the E.U., many Britons have found an outlet for fears about immigration and terrorism. But the cost of an exit would be high.
The seeds that were sowed as Western powers like Britain faded after the world wars have contributed to the persistent problems of the present.
Hillary should stop talking about leaning on Bill.
A sinking economy and extensive corruption led to the removal of the president, but there is not a hint of political reform on the horizon.
Many new drivers quit early on days when their hourly wage is high but work longer when it is low, the opposite of what economic rationality would seem to dictate.
Lawmakers have criticized companies that avoid taxes by moving overseas. But they’re rallying to Apple’s defense after an E.U. demand for $14.5 billion in back taxes.
The decision by the European commissioner for competition ramps up trans-Atlantic tensions over how much companies with global operations should pay to countries where they do business.
Despite a last-minute court order allowing a demonstration, the police used violent means to disperse hundreds protesting against President Robert Mugabe.
The new president, Michel Temer, must navigate his own controversies and a quarrelsome Congress to lead Latin America’s largest nation out of a deepening fiscal crisis.
Citing an anti-gay-rights law it called “inconsistent” with the conference’s values, the league will relocate neutral site championships.
Exxon Mobil says it’s not possible to predict how climate change will affect its business. A bill in Congress says it shouldn’t be asked to.
The charges are the culmination of a long-running investigation into the Cuomo administration’s attempts to lure jobs and businesses to upstate New York’s limping economy.
Mr. Schultze spent most of his career working on national economic and fiscal policy, as a government economic adviser, university professor and research fellow.
The man who built a theater empire was frequently a producer of shows as well.
Brian McDonald, associate director of the High Point University Survey Research Center, and his staff poll North Carolina residents about various issues.
Hundreds of readers from across the Continent responded to our call to share their experiences as supporters of far-right parties.
Honda brings back its midsize pickup, a better-looking version than the previous model, but built more for suburbia than the rodeo.
China on Friday reported its second-quarter economic growth figures. The numbers are among the world’s most closely watched, but data from the country are notoriously questionable.
Mr. Corbyn faced a revolt by fellow Labour lawmakers after Britain’s June 23 referendum to leave the European Union.
That Britain would somehow reject the rational choice seems to have never occurred to investors worldwide, and now we see the consequences.
At an annual conference of central bankers, experts said that increased government spending, not just low rates, was needed to spur growth.
Maine’s governor and residents near the monument opposed making 87,500 acres of woodlands, donated by a founder of Burt’s Bees cosmetics, into a park.
Sales of new cars and light trucks may have fallen 2.5 percent in August; and the Fed, mulling an interest rate increase, has been watching hiring and unemployment data.
Putin is a role model, Clinton is dying and armed rebellion is justified, according to some on the right.
The Bolt EV by General Motors is a lower-priced electric car than the Tesla, and has similar features.
During a hedge fund conference, the billionaire investor Ray Dalio responded to media scrutiny of the $150 billion firm’s “unusual” workplace culture.
Although premiums haven’t risen significantly, workers’ deductibles and shares of those premiums are going up, the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation said.
Journalists were given a glimpse of the federal Plum Island Animal Disease Center off Long Island, which will be closed within the next decade. Officials are marketing the island to developers.
In Greenwich Village, skillfully updating classic dishes.
Heeding a threat of withdrawal by Donald J. Trump, the secretary general wants at least 55 countries to commit to the pact for at least the next four years.
Despite expectations not too many years ago that democracy would flourish around the world, the reality is much more mixed and complicated.
Limits on the equity ownership of commercial companies by banks reflects a longstanding principle of separating banking from commerce.
Opposition to proposed deals, and to perceived lower consumer standards, has united a coalition of churches, trade unions, intellectuals and left-wing parties.
The bank’s chief executive will be questioned over the creation of sham accounts and credit cards. And the Fed is expected to leave interest rates untouched.
Donald Trump’s plan for a Mexican border wall could decrease the United States population — and its economic potential.
Terrorism as the new normal, Hydra-headed conspiracy theories and the tightening race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
After a stroke at work, an employee at a venture-backed start-up learns to adjust his professional priorities and take a break from the daily sprint.
In Florida, Mrs. Clinton called for a more “inclusive economy” for a group of Americans who are too often “overlooked and undervalued.”
Hillary Clinton, Donald J. Trump and many economists support investing billions in the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, but paying for it won’t be simple.
As Michael Dell closes $67 billion merger, Meg Whitman sells off Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s software for $8.8 billion.
The New European was conceived as a short-term weekly offering in the wake of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, but it has been a surprise success.
Many residents of Delaware County, which last voted for a Democratic president in 1916, simply cannot imagine voting for either candidate.
While voters tell pollsters that the economy is their most important concern, the candidates are focusing on other issues, like changing demographics.
Donald J. Trump emphasized in his NBC interview that he did not necessarily endorse the political system Mr. Putin has erected, but respected the way Mr. Putin is perceived.
When Americans gloated about winning the Cold War, they opened a door for Russians’ resentment — and Putin’s tactics.
The stars of the Jazz in the Valley festival include the pianist Randy Weston and the drummer Jimmy Cobb.
The organization has acknowledged its role in an epidemic that has killed thousands. But it has much further to go to truly make amends.
Mr. Rajan, whose warnings preceded the global financial crisis, says low interest rates could trap world leaders in inaction.
Donald Trump’s first general election ad focused on immigration, and his new one, titled “Two Americas: Economy,” is about jobs.
Mrs. Clinton later said she had spoken too broadly, then doubled down on what she called Mr. Trump’s appeal to prejudice.
The central bank’s shift in strategy may bolster bank earnings and improve returns for insurers and pension funds.
Redfin, a Seattle company that considers itself a real estate and tech company, has challenged the conventions of both by hiring full-time agents.
The owners of a famous Bordeaux chateau let visitors create their own wines — part of a growing trend that marketers call “experiential luxury.”
A selected guide to jazz performances in New York City.
Peter Brook brings his follow-up to “Mahabharata” to the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
If George W. Bush eventually gets a more sympathetic hearing by history, as he hopes, it will not start with Jean Edward Smith’s new book.
Many turn to panning for black-market gold in the watery pits of mines, where mosquitoes infect them. Once they return home to recover, the disease spreads.
To breathe new life into its sales, the celebrated piano maker is promoting its instruments to China’s growing middle class both as a status symbol and an investment.
Hoping to bolster his chances against Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trump is vowing to abandon years of American efforts to ease the flow of capital and goods.
Ms. Ernst, of Iowa, served in the Army in Iraq and could help the presumptive Republican nominee attract women and ease concern about his lack of military experience.
The politician was known for his efforts as a pragmatic reformer of the Socialist Party and for his struggles with President François Mitterrand.
Giving a leg up to U.S. workers on the lower rungs of the labor ladder could be a cost-effective way to counter economic and political hopelessness.
The Atlantic alliance seems to have forgotten its purpose.
James E. Staley, the Barclays chief executive, has said that selling noncore businesses was a key to unlocking the bank’s earnings potential.
What is wrong with little old “you” and “me”? They are words too short and plain for the British hospitality industry.
Comparing a company’s growth in earnings per share, which can be raised by buying back stock, with its net profit growth can paint a more accurate picture of performance over time.
Protesters in a repressive nation focus on issues like land use and the governing party’s stranglehold on power.
While not comprehensive, the proposals are realistic, incremental and far better than Donald Trump’s vague plan.
On Night 3 of their convention, Democrats looked both backward and forward.
Bonds have risen sharply in value, and their yields have plummeted. That has made stock prices look cheap and dividends seem generous, driving up the market.
The city now joins other places where police killings highlighted simmering anger over the systemic problems that have so many black people feeling hopeless.
When you hear complaints about too much regulation, don’t forget to ask what harm that regulation may prevent.
Utility customers will pay to keep some upstate facilities operating as part of the Cuomo administration’s push to promote renewable energy sources.
African-Americans in Milwaukee worry that the elimination of a residency requirement for police officers will worsen a long-strained relationship with the community.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
The 13-member team includes several billionaire bankers and investment managers, but no women and few economists.
Silicon Valley has brought its wrecking ball to haute cuisine, and the results are not pretty.
Signatures are due Monday to put proposals on Colorado’s ballot that would restrict hydraulic fracturing; and attention turns to earnings at Valeant, Disney and Macy’s.
A breakdown of the changes that were required under the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014, and how some have faltered.
Ballot measures would seek local control over oil and gas operations and prohibit hydraulic fracturing near buildings, waterways and public space.
There was some worry, but not enough to dim the party atmosphere. Said one man: “Maybe it’s only a problem if there’s a big swarm. I’m pretty chill.”
The problems that cities face in hosting the Olympics, like being left with immediately obsolete venues, call for organizers to develop a more sustainable approach.
Several senators in tough re-election fights are focusing on local issues, trying to avoid guilt by association with their party’s presumptive presidential nominee.
The pact has few friends left in Washington, but America’s Asian allies may see backing off as a betrayal of Washington’s commitment to the region.
After a quarter-century in politics, Hillary Clinton is known for a host of positive qualities, and is criticized as often for embodying the opposite.
Unlike the public, economists seem more concerned about the size of the pie than whether everyone gets a slice.
A refresher course on the ins and outs of the show’s first season.
More responsiveness and foresight on issues like immigration will probably be needed to head off other drastic outcomes like “Brexit.”
Troubled by low returns and high expense ratios, investors are fleeing the struggling asset class. But portfolio managers say the worries could be overblown.
Differences over trade policies have led to an acrimonious relationship between the business association and the presumptive Republican nominee.
The Italian government wants to spend $45 billion to prop up banks laden with bad loans. That could increase the strain caused by “Brexit.”
A unanimous vote in June to keep rates steady was a result of confusion, rather than consensus.
The start-up plans to use mobile technology to make Brazil’s trucking industry more efficient.
The survey, from Suffolk University, finds that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton each have the support of 44 percent of likely Ohio voters.
If the Silicon Valley tycoon shares anything with Donald Trump, it is a disappointment with small politics — and small people.
If the former president returns to the White House as a presidential spouse, he will be novel in many ways — especially in his well-documented flaws.
In a speech just before she became Britain’s prime minister, she called for more protectionism, a greater say for workers and limits on C.E.O. pay.
The 67-year-old hard-left politician beat back a challenge by members of Parliament with increased support from the party’s rank and file.
The civil fraud trial of Maurice R. Greenberg, who once led A.I.G., continues; and John Stumpf, head of Wells Fargo, has been invited to testify before a House committee.
The competition inquiry came after several politicians raised concerns that the deal would stifle competition in European financial markets.
Opponents of the law say it will do little to achieve its goal of preserving Germany's cultural heritage and could damage it by limiting public viewing of works.
In their first debate, the two candidates’ stage styles served as campaign arguments in themselves.
The reductions affect a wide range of government employees, from ministers, whose pay was cut by 20 percent, to civil servants, whose overtime pay and vacation time will face new limits.
An array of experts rejected Donald Trump’s accusations that Janet Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman, is holding down interest rates for political reasons.
The accounting firm KPMG found that a majority of British chief executives had considered moving part or all of their businesses since the June 23 referendum.
Hillary Clinton’s odds of winning the election rose from around 63 percent in the minutes before the debate started to 69 percent by the end.
The International Monetary Fund leader, Christine Lagarde, said in a speech that an increase in protectionist trade measures would hurt American workers.
Various forces are trying to push down the value of the Chinese currency. But Beijing — in a reversal of previous policies — is trying to shore it up.
But experts said the Republican nominee’s plan won’t work, because natural gas fracking is the surest way to stymie coal production, and vice versa.
A move by Bosnian Serbs to defy the country’s constitutional court in a disagreement over a Serbian holiday could be a pretext for an independence declaration, some observers fear.
The Mayor’s Office of Media and Entertainment will create the fund, administered over five years, to help with projects “by, for, or about women.”
An analysis of financial markets during the debate last Monday suggests stocks would lose 10 to 12 percent of their value if Donald Trump won the election.
Experiments like one in Bangalore, luring migrants to fill factory jobs, collide with an old way of life that keeps women and girls in seclusion until an arranged marriage.
Why women look mad when men look serious.
Governments must create the conditions to encourage private investment in clean technologies and sustainable development.
In a speech in New York, Mr. Trump offered few details about how he would pay for his ambitious agenda, beyond requiring allies to shoulder American military costs.
Clinton and Trump never stop talking about decent jobs, but maybe that’s beside the point.
Russia appears to have returned full circle to a pseudo-parliament whose only function is to give a semblance of legitimacy to an authoritarian ruler.
Andy Hall was sentenced to three years in prison in connection with his work on a report that accused a Thai company of violating its workers’ rights.
Good jobs, affordable housing and a focus on communities in need.
Liberating Iraq’s second largest city from the Islamic State will require more than air power and Shiite militias.
Voters considering Gary Johnson or Jill Stein may want to delve deeper into their views.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Mrs. Clinton appeared in Greensboro, N.C., three days after she nearly collapsed at a World Trade Center memorial service.
With debit cards rather than bagged food, refugees buy their produce, live in more dignity, and raise less resentment among their Lebanese neighbors.
The Obama administration’s policy has failed to halt Pyongyang’s nuclear program. But the next White House still has a chance.
A House committee has approved legislation that calls for changes to Dodd-Frank and that would repeal a rule seeking to prevent banks from making risky bets with their own money.
Disputes abound over who is going to foot the bill over a series of issues: public infrastructure, public pensions and luxury real estate in Manhattan.
The Affordable Care Act has accomplished a lot, but too many people are still left out.
With millions descending on the national parks each year, the tension between access and preservation becomes more strained.
Americans are feeling richer and spending more money, but weak productivity growth is a grave threat.
The potential for intolerance lies in the logic of religions like Christianity and Islam that claim to be based on a divine revelation.
The drop in marriage stems in part from China’s aging population, but also reflects that women who once were pushed to wed are exploring new options.
The accusations, of child sexual assault, date back four decades, a top police official said, confirming a report by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Wary of Muslim immigrants after attacks in Europe, South Korea lets 670 Syrians stay only on annual visas, limiting their ability to find jobs and barring them from benefits.
More than 10,000 Indians have recently lost their jobs in Saudi Arabia, and many are stranded there after a steep drop in the price of oil.
Desperate for yield, big investors are scooping up stocks and bonds in nations like Turkey and Brazil, ignoring political and economic perils.
The party is cautiously discussing how a wide margin of victory, driven by a record turnout among minority voters, could help stop Donald J. Trump entirely.
Mr. Buffett, in Omaha with Mrs. Clinton, unleashed a withering attack on Mr. Trump for refusing to release his tax returns and for misleading voters about his success as a businessman.
More than eight years after rotten loans and plunging home values made Las Vegas the center of the housing crisis, thousands of people have yet to recover.
Clinton aides are addressing a potentially thorny problem: Historically, when Mr. Clinton has time on his hands, he can create dangerous distractions for his wife.
Catching trout and finding just a little religion in fly-fishing heaven.
Concern about crime is concentrated among Donald Trump’s base of non-college whites; it’s not clear the issue has broad appeal.
The former mayor of New York City, who chose not to run for president this year, will back Mrs. Clinton in a speech at the Democratic convention.
And what it says is to invest in the future.
Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has led to intense soul-searching for the country’s cultural establishment.
States dominated by Democrats are generally better for your well-being.
No one is quite sure if Ms. May, the next British prime minister, can successfully balance the nation’s economic and political needs with the exit from the European Union.
Laurence Fink blew $100 million in 1986. Since then, as chief of BlackRock, he has built his firm into the world’s largest asset manager and changed the balance of power on Wall Street.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
The new data undercuts Republican arguments that the recovery is faltering and suggests that workers are seeing benefits from the drop in unemployment.
The two men at the top of the Republican ticket agree on many subjects and policy positions, but have differed on Muslim immigration, gay rights and the Iraq war.
Donald Trump’s embrace of economic policies that are anathema to members of the Business Roundtable is seen as a betrayal of bedrock Republican principles.
Climate change is threatening the livelihoods of the people of tiny Kiribati, and even the island nation’s existence. The government is making plans for the island’s demise.
Far too many student-parents drop out, cutting them off from good jobs.
Vail Resorts is being viewed as a test case by other ski resorts that may be considering summer programs beyond hiking and mountain biking.
Can Rio pull off the Games with only weeks to go?
The sun never sets on a stupid idea. Britain is cracking up now because it followed the crackpots. The U.S. could make the same mistake.
Students at a Seattle coding school for women are somewhat optimistic about tech’s promise, but share a generation’s skepticism that the days ahead will be better.
The singer is going all out for the election of Hillary Clinton and is bringing her 3.1 million Twitter followers along for the ride.
Curators at the New Museum have created an exhibit with over 4,000 objects that examines the various ways we collect and own items.
As jobs become less office-dependent, it can be tricky for couples who mix business and cohabitation.
Italian lenders have continued to lend to inert companies, racking up bad loans of over $400 billion.
Technology has helped make them more sustainable than at any time in history.
Mariano Rajoy, Spain’s caretaker prime minister, failed to win parliamentary backing to form a new government, making another national election likely.
Economists are calling for more fiscal stimulus and higher wages, but officials must act on those recommendations.
President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China formally committed to the Paris climate agreement at a time of increasingly discordant relations between their nations.
His campaign sees a path to victory that runs through Mexico, but a look at New Hampshire tells us more about his chances on Election Day.
Does his country really want a divisive arsonist fighting its fires?
The new president faces the tough task of restoring Brazilians’ faith in their scandal-plagued political class.
Independents, now a plurality of American voters, have no convention to call their own. So I went online looking for a party hookup.
The hotly contested law, which would ease rules for firing, hiring and setting work hours, has split President François Hollande’s Socialist party and prompted months of angry protests.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the coup plotters would “pay a heavy price.” The prime minister said 265 people had been killed and more than 2,800 military personnel had been detained.
The Ohio senator lobbied for Cleveland to host his party this summer. Now he is steering clear of official proceedings.
American voters should learn from Turkey’s experience with an out-of-control leader.
Who said it couldn’t happen here? Rising to the top of the Republican ticket, Trump has activated forces on the political right that cannot be deactivated.
Why well-off black families end up living in poorer areas than white families with similar or even lower incomes.
The practice of depleting the forest for precious fuel during hard times has been taking a toll at taps in the capital city, Lilongwe.
America needs to improve its standing against China. But trade agreements won’t do the job.
As the anniversary of Greece’s bailout deal approaches, memoirs and essays about that nation’s economic crisis abound.
The count has long been long viewed as a measure of China’s rising global power, and an uneven showing in the Rio Games has smarted.
It is possible to live in a world of data but no facts.
This win-win helps to raise earnings now and increase productivity over the long term while enriching the lives of children.
Exploring the app’s geolocation tags can transform it into an innovative and frenetic sort of tourism map — one tailored just for you.
Millennials are in the mood to buy, and homebuilders are starting to produce more of the starter houses they demand.
The main reason the bull market hasn’t been widely celebrated may be because it followed one of the worst declines in stock market history.
She’s winning white moderate conservatives — just as Nixon did in the 1960s.
A Federal Reserve Bank of New York analysis suggests this may signal a turnabout in a long but lackluster economic recovery.
Has something fundamental shifted? Amid uncertainty, the Fed affirmed the status quo.
Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, the junta chief and prime minister, hinted that the bombers were “bad people” opposed to a new Constitution.
Life in Russia today is more similar to life in the U.S.S.R. than at any point since the failed coup of 1991.
Despite aggressive monetary policies under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, the second-quarter G.D.P. figure showed fitful growth.
Relatives of Hun Sen have acquired shares in companies in nearly every sector of the economy, the human rights group Global Witness says.
Long on promises and short on details, investments known as wealth management products have drawn a flood of money — and pose a big risk.
Indifference and insults from Washington have left us no better off than a powerless colony.
Thousands of residents of a rural county protested its selection as the site of the so-called Thaad system, which China has also bitterly opposed.
Welcome to California Today, a morning update on the stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state).
By 2031 you may well have switched political parties.
A government ad campaign aimed at tackling Italy’s low birthrate was swiftly abandoned after it was widely deemed offensive.
Three years ago, the G.O.P.-led House was close to reaching a compromise on immigration — one that might have neutralized the issue for the 2016 election. This is the inside story of what went wrong.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The firing of Sergei B. Ivanov was the latest in a series that has ushered out an older layer of Putin allies and replaced them with younger loyalists.
Retailers follow up Black Friday with online deals, and the European Court of Justice considers how to regulate the San Francisco-based ride-booking service.
Consider hiring a corporate monitor, an independent overseer who will issue regular public reports about any possible instances of conflicts. We have just the person for you.
New research shows foreclosures spiked after deportations during the housing crash, suggesting a Trump deportation plan could have spiraling effects.
Stock traders have bid up equity prices based on a risky proposition: that Donald J. Trump will steer Republicans in a U-turn away from tightfisted policies.
François Fillon’s victory in a presidential primary suggests that a shift from confrontation to accommodation of Moscow has already begun in the region.
The concentration of military bases, along with business programs for former military personnel, has fueled a growth in entrepreneurship.
William E. McGlashan Jr., a partner at the private equity firm TPG, is developing Rise, a $2 billion social impact fund with a number of well-known philanthropists.
For Minnesota-based Mosaic, the deal gives it a foothold in Latin America’s largest economy, which boasts a strong agriculture sector.
Janet Yellen’s speech at the University of Baltimore underscored the Federal Reserve’s satisfaction with an economic expansion that is in its eighth year.
A lawsuit charges that Fannie Mae has neglected foreclosed properties in African-American and Latino neighborhoods.
What Clinton vs. Trump feels like for first-time voters.
There are a number of congressional and state races where voters can make a difference.
The consequences of the presidential election are uncertain, so Fed officials are unlikely to raise rates for now. And the Labor Department’s report on hiring could embolden one of the candidates.
The title, previously given only to the leaders Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping and Jiang Zemin, could reinforce Mr. Xi’s authority to push through policies.
Saudi Arabia has injected more than $25 billion into the faltering Egyptian economy in two years, but ties between the two most influential Sunni nations are fraying.
Porsche remakes the Cayman in a very stealthy fashion, subtracting two cylinders and adding a turbocharger.
Community bankers overwhelmingly supported Donald J. Trump’s campaign. Now, as mega-banks’ stock soars, they too are looking ahead to the benefits of his administration.
Thomas Mair, 53, was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole for killing the Labour member of Parliament a week before the “Brexit” referendum.
The region displays both troubling and encouraging trends in energy policy
The vote to leave the European Union raises complex issues about costs and profitability, but analysts and executives see reasons for optimism.
A new breed of lodging, with a focus on shared rooms, thrift and style.
It is the first time the United States has not voted against the annual resolution condemning the half-century-old embargo.
I sometimes hear that democracies have lost their sense of purpose. This isn’t so.
Hundreds of thousands of protesters in Caracas demanded a recall referendum that would expel the president from office.
The academic and activist talks about his critics, his celebrity and his legacy.
The City Council passed the Freelance Isn’t Free Act, requiring written timetables and procedures for payment to clamp down on wage theft by employers.
The chief executive says the brand must be “wherever my customers are” — British Premier League soccer and the Coachella music festival, for example.
A sickening drop in the pound signals that all the illusions around the vote to leave the European Union have been shattered, and that Britain will pay a price.
No other country has threatened to leave, and smaller states in particular seem to have developed a greater sense of the bloc’s worth.
“It feels like we’re skating on thin ice,” says Paul O’Connor, a longtime financial expert in London. “Politics has a bigger influence on markets than any time I’ve known.”
China sought to make an example of GlaxoSmithKline in a case that involved bribery of doctors and investigators and ended with guilty pleas and record penalties.
The king, one of history’s longest-reigning monarchs, was a unifying figure in a deeply polarized country.
Australian-born, Ms. Hazzard spent decades in New York, writing award-winning fiction “stuffed with description so intellectually active as to be sometimes exhausting,” one critic said.
The biggest oil producers are proving surprisingly adept at pumping profits, and oil, out of the ground.
The Justice Department charged a former executive at Valeant and the chief executive of Philidor with multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy.
Fake news should be shunned, but the discussion of it misunderstands a new media world in which every story is at risk of being discredited, not by argument but by sheer force.
The foreign minister announced a plan to help Mexicans get accurate information and avoid scams related to deportation policies in a Trump administration.
Policies that increase the value of the dollar would make it harder for U.S. manufacturers to compete overseas, one of many trade-offs that a president faces.
Here are lessons a vacation-package skeptic and budget traveler learned from her first experience with “bulk” travel in Hawaii.
Leaving the European Union might have seemed simple at first, but settling on the details is a matter of philosophical principles as well as economics.
Richard Nelson’s “Women of a Certain Age,” Part 3 of a cycle, at the Public Theater, focuses on a family gathering on the night of voting, and what comes next.
The company takes a softer approach, including a quieter cabin, with the GT compared with the 570S, but it still goes from 0-60 m.p.h. in 3.3 seconds.
President Daniel Ortega won a third term in a rigged vote, setting the stage for a dynastic dictatorship.
It was an interesting test of the sharing economy because the app is premised completely on trust.
Allan J. Lichtman, a historian, discusses how his simple method for predicting presidential elections foresaw the success of Donald J. Trump.
Predictive analytics, and election forecasting in particular, remains a young science. Experts say some of the models could be off 15 to 20 percent.
This election showed how much we still talk past one another when we talk about gender, revealing a divide in how men and women perceive one another’s lives.
A group led by an Australian mining magnate remains the sole bidder for vast swaths of grazing land, but the presence of a Chinese partner has drawn criticism.
The United States can choose what kind of low-skilled immigration it will have, legal or illegal, and specialists say legal is undoubtedly better.
Apple’s report will offer the first look at sales of the iPhone 7 and the extra business it is getting since Samsung’s troubles with the Galaxy Note 7.
Voters discuss what comes next for white, black and brown Americans.
American colleges are worried that the election result could portend a decline in international candidates, and Canadian universities have seen a surge in interest.
Even without a wall, his border-bashing could backfire on the United States.
The president-elect is being forced to acknowledge that his straightforward solutions are less straightforward than he promised.
The Cadenza does not offer the indulgences of German cars, but it looks rich at a nonrich price, staring at about $33,000.
A defining marker of the 2016 presidential race is that it is the first time a foreign power used cyberweapons to influence an election in the United States.
The stock market has risen, with investors seemingly betting that Donald Trump will stick to proposals that would benefit corporate profits, and abandon others that wouldn’t.
The working-class Pennsylvania county was once reliably Democratic. President Obama won it big in 2012. But this year, everything changed.
President-elect Donald J. Trump could try to overhaul the Federal Reserve. Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone.
The Securities and Exchange Commission will collect 13F forms, allowing analysts to see which sectors investors were betting on at the end of the third quarter.
The recent moves are important, but will the country’s poor be able to hang on until changes are seen?
In the end, even the most powerful female politician in America couldn’t escape the shadow of the male libido.
Cheap money and investor confidence are driving a surge in mergers, leaving industries dominated by a few big players.
Defying expectations, the stock market rebounded as investors cheered the changes a Donald Trump administration was likely to bring.
The skies above the Trump Tower in Manhattan, where President-elect Donald J. Trump lives, have been declared “national defense airspace,” and the streets surrounding it have been blocked off.
The longer we rely on monetary policy to keep the global economy afloat, the more precarious our future becomes.
The Chinese prefer a relationship with a United States that doesn’t impose its values on the world.
A new trade agreement with the European Union could threaten the country’s “supply management” system, under which dairy farms are almost guaranteed to prosper.
Skylark and Lola — as well as Expedia and Booking.com — are offering high-end vacations, often at a discount.
Redistribution from the rich to the poor isn’t on the table in Washington. But some liberal thinkers are drawn to another way to ease income inequality.
The key to enforcing the Security Council’s new penalties on coal exports remains in the hands of China, North Korea’s principal coal customer.
The sport is enjoying growing popularity and self-confidence thanks to recent developments, but pay gaps and policy differences keep the women’s game from standing completely on its own.
Shares of several big banks have surged since election night, but some investors see bigger opportunity in the international markets.
Poor and working-class Americans have fallen behind the rest of the country. A tweak of the tax system could help them, but it wouldn’t be cheap.
Eliminate poverty, but don’t worry so much about inequality. Enforcing the Voting Rights Act matters; equalizing possession of Rolexes does not.
Remember gadgets? They were wonderful, and now they’re no more.
The past year has brought a series of political shocks to the continent, but 2017 promises to be even bumpier.
The Socialist prime minister, who will be replaced by Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, will run despite dissatisfaction with the government and divisions on the left.
It was a rejection of the prime minister, not of the European Union.
Senators voted for a 20-year cap on federal spending, a cornerstone of President Michel Temer’s plan to restore confidence in the country’s ailing economy.
The hotel and another Trump venture in the city had been named in a federal investigation over investments by public pension fund managers in commercial projects.
The president-elect’s apparent willingness to rethink the principle that prioritizes China over Taiwan has energized many, but some fear being used as a bargaining chip.
Foreign media alone will not rapidly transform the country, but they offer hope for incremental shifts.
Mr. English was the favorite to succeed John Key, who said he was stepping down because he wanted to spend more time with his family.
Democrats picked up 13 seats in the Legislature, campaigning against the tax-cutting policies of Gov. Sam Brownback and the risks for public schools.
Syaru Shirley Lin, a political economist, discusses Donald J. Trump’s break with protocol in talking to Taiwan, and Taiwan’s ambivalence toward economic integration with China.
Yahya Jammeh, the dictator of Gambia, is trying to hold on to his throne after an electoral defeat.
The Sunday vote, which could end up significantly altering the nation’s charter, is a major test for Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, whose political career could hang in the balance.
A network of shelters, developed quickly to house thousands of migrants, has confronted arson, fights and rape. And many staff members are ill prepared.
The European Court of Justice will hear arguments that will most likely determine how the ride-sharing service can operate across the European Union.
Marcelo Calero, a former culture minister, said Mr. Temer had pressured him on behalf of a top ally. Critics are demanding the president’s impeachment.
Our top 10 comments of the week: Readers debate Donald Trump, flag burning, Fidel Castro’s legacy and picky eating.
A sugar-refinery village founded a century ago by the American chocolate baron has since lost much of its luster. But local pride lingers.
Consumption by visitors — nearly 3.5 million last year — is overwhelming supplies and raising prices, forcing families to make do with even less than usual.
Sales and employment are on the rise in the restaurant industry, undercutting claims by the Trump pick for Labor that the law has undermined the industry.
The impeachment of President Park Geun-hye was long overdue, but it won’t solve the problem of endemic corruption.
As Sweden prepares for its term on the United Nations Security Council, its foreign minister spoke about advancing feminist policy amid the incoming American administration.
The beleaguered European Union faces a series of critical tests in 2017, but none is more important than the French presidential election, with a fierce opponent of the bloc a leading contender.
Much of the swelling confidence may come from one political party, but consumers, business leaders and Wall Street show a lot of excitement.
Longer-term bond yields are near their highs for this cycle, while the environment for riskier assets like high-yield bonds, bank loans and stocks remains positive.
Rex W. Tillerson, in line to be secretary of state, publicly backed a carbon tax in 2009. Yet Exxon Mobil has done little or nothing to help put such taxes into effect.
What does poetry do for us and why is it worth supporting?
In Lancaster, Pa., where resettlement work dates back decades, volunteers and staff members from the Church World Service prepared a home for a family of new arrivals.
In just a year, Law and Justice has shown how a far-right nationalist government in Europe really governs — and how far it can push the limits of democracy.
The Saudi-led coalition is hitting civilian targets, like factories, bridges and power stations, that critics say have no clear link to the rebels. In the rubble, the remains of American munitions have been found.
Spurred by a boom in tourism, construction projects downtown are aimed at transforming the area into a destination to live, work and play.
All year, Spain has plodded along without an elected national government. For some Spaniards, this is a wonderful thing. “No government, no thieves,” one said.
Britain has a lot to lose in leaving the European Union, and a two-year limit on talks further weakens an already shaky hand.
Do you believe that immigrants coming to the United States make American society better or worse in the long run?
Technology displayed in Paris would make it possible for a production-ready vehicle to vary the compression ratio in the engine’s combustion chambers while the car is being driven.
Andrew Sabin, who made a fortune recycling precious metals, is a political paradox, throwing his wallet behind climate change initiatives and the Republican nominee.
Conservatives in Parliament want all the old symbols of the island nation’s empire — including a royal yacht — as they continue to call for a “hard Brexit.”
The struggling African-Americans who visit a Philadelphia food pantry recoil at Donald Trump’s appeals to voters hit hard by economic troubles.
Ron Robin’s “The Cold World They Made” is a provocative examination of Albert and Roberta Wohlstetter, whose views influenced policy makers in the 1950s.
The fake accounts scandal that has plagued Wells Fargo has now taken down its chief executive, who will be replaced by the company’s president and chief operating officer.
In “Weapons of Math Destruction,” No. 5 on the education best-seller list, Cathy O’Neil says our reliance on algorithms exacerbates whatever inequality already exists.
The pound is falling, and the confidence that had built up that Britain would not shut itself off from Europe is starting to dissipate.
The move is a radical departure for a country that has historically been the most dependable American ally in Southeast Asia, and could undermine President Obama’s foreign policy.
The numbers are such that Hillary Clinton can argue that the economy continues to improve, and Donald Trump can argue that things haven’t improved enough.
The prime minister’s plan to put a price on carbon emissions is a significant environmental step, and leaves provinces with choices on how to carry it out.
Dan Slater’s “Wolf Boys” is about how American teenagers trained by a Mexican drug cartel murdered on both sides of the border.
Russia keeps inching into Georgia with ever more ingenious boundary markings that only it and three other nations recognize as real.
A government auditing agency will study whether American officials should broaden how they inspect foreign purchases in the U.S.
Establishment economists have plans that sound pretty radical. Will Hillary Clinton listen to them?
Actions have been taken against Chinese grain exports, India’s barriers to solar-panel parts, European subsidies for airliner manufacturing and foreign fishing subsidies.
China’s leaders feel their country has the right to be the main power in the neighborhood.
They should instead focus on the jobs Americans actually have: service work.
The result gave the country’s autocratic prime minister, Viktor Orban, a partial victory, though what Mr. Orban plans to do now remains a mystery.
The 2016 presidential matchup has accelerated trends that were expected to unfold gradually.
If the taxes had been paid instead, what the presidential candidate saved could have greatly benefited his fellow Americans.
Brian Helmuth, the marine scientist who devised them about 18 years ago, says they are an example of “biomimicry,” a relatively new field.
Katie McGinty would be a senator more concerned with workers and the environment than the incumbent, Pat Toomey.
Just months after revealing the hacking of 500 million accounts in 2014, Yahoo has disclosed that more than one billion accounts were compromised the year before.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
With Donald Trump headed to the White House, my future as a working community college student is uncertain.
New research tries to spot the collapse of liberal democracies before they happen, and it suggests that Western democracy may be seriously ill.
Elected officials have promised workers nice pensions based on wishful thinking. Now, localities across the United States are facing problems, and the latest to be grappling with them is Dallas.
The men chosen to lead the Treasury and Commerce Departments vow to cut taxes, increase growth and hold the line on deficits, testing the limits of economic math.
The debate over identity politics has gotten brutal, but there is a way to find common ground between the two warring camps.
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi cannot undo his unwise push for a referendum, but he can mitigate its potential fallout.
The next president will have to decide whether he is another standard Republican on taxes, spending and the economy.
The auction for the future first daughter’s time had attracted bidders willing to spend tens of thousands, but also criticism that access was for sale.
The former Texas governor famously vowed to eliminate the department. Soon he may lead it.
Regulators have said the rejection shows the bank has not figured out how to adequately unwind the complex and interconnected parts of its operations.
Wednesday: In-season TV shows, the city’s best restaurants and New York’s Golden Globe nominees.
“I shouldn’t have to see the pain, struggle and despair of homeless people to and from my way to work every day.”
For the second time this year, Wells Fargo has failed to pass a key regulatory test created after the 2008 financial crisis to reduce the threats posed by large banks to the economy.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The government took steps Thursday to temper growing impatience with the seemingly slapdash way a ban on high-currency bills was carried out.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The campaign is over, but the struggle for Trump’s soul has just begun.
While Mr. Putin strides the world stage, a failing economy kills destitute alcoholics with toxic booze.
The president-elect said he wanted to reduce the trade deficit but his budget policies would do the opposite, flooding us with imports.
Donald Trump’s moves show his intent is to be a disrupter, no matter the consequences to American security.
Despite the success of Bernie Sanders, the party has actually become less receptive to populism.
President-elect Donald J. Trump wants to shake up both relations with China and regulatory issues, and he’s not doing it by halves.
It’s time again for the annual lists of what we will be eating. Here is how the seers make their predictions.
The Obama administration said it was tossing out 35 intelligence operatives and imposing sanctions on Russian intelligence services and officers.
Fellow Americans, your concerns should be taken seriously. But let’s also look seriously at the candidates.
Voters in California, Massachusetts and Nevada legalized recreational use in what advocates said was a major step toward changing the country’s attitude toward the drug.
A highway project threatens to cut a swath through priceless rain forest, home to many endangered species.
It is extremely hard to predict what markets will do in the event of Donald J. Trump winning the presidential election. It can even be hard to tell the election’s impact on the economy.
The unexpected response to an ad placed by owners of a store on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, might show how many people are hungry for a sense of community.
The Wisconsin Republican fought off a challenge from former Senator Russ Feingold, retaining his seat in a Senate race critical to Republicans.
The candidate refuses to acknowledge what the official data show: that the country is doing better than it was just a few years ago.
As the nation prepares to choose President Obama’s successor, the bold agenda he described eight years ago remains incomplete.
We should learn from the vote, work to mend society and build a political movement for the post-Trump era.
President-elect Donald J. Trump has vowed to dismantle President Obama’s climate change policies. In Mr. Ebell, he may have found his man.
Markets that had heavily favored Hillary Clinton were poised to dive on election night. Then President-elect Donald J. Trump sweetened his tone.
Mergers and acquisitions could be on the rise, driven by changes to taxes, as well as shifts on the Dodd-Frank Act and the Affordable Care Act.
The German chancellor, who faces opposition at home, is gathering herself to fight alone for European unity as an increasingly divided Continent looks to Germany.
Workers are toiling longer and getting paid less than their parents. Their struggles have been forgotten or ignored in Washington.
As the country’s voters emphatically rejected reforms in a referendum Sunday, they added to grave international uncertainties and prompted the prime minister to resign.
The apex predator is being fished for its delicious flesh so relentlessly that it is being pushed to the brink of extinction.
Friday: The choice of Xavier Becerra for attorney general roils the state’s political establishment, a former U.S.C. football player is killed, and San Diego has an app to fix that pothole.
Donald Trump’s approach to saving jobs at Carrier was like intercepting a driver on his way to his car in a parking garage and persuading him to stay longer.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Don’t count on an immediate disaster after the next president takes office.
Moves in the bond market suggest that investors see the economic ground shifting in the wake of Donald J. Trump’s surprise victory.
Research shows that only half of Americans in their 30s earn more than their parents did at the same age. A few decades ago, nearly all adults did.
This country was built on pragmatic economic nationalism, going back to Alexander Hamilton. Here’s how the president-elect can help.
The president-elect has gotten attention by claiming credit for concessions from individual businesses, whether or not he had much to do with it.
The next Treasury secretary says taxes will not drop for the rich. He should be held to the vow.
People here are ecstatic about the phone call between the U.S. president-elect and Taiwan’s president. But is the U.S. really ready for change?
Many who care about taxes, immigration, the Supreme Court, health care and climate change were left with little to chew on from the three presidential debates.
At the Alfred E. Smith memorial event, a white-tie campaign-year ritual at the Waldorf, attempts at bonhomie went sour.
People call them old-man cars — but what’s so bad about growing up?
Some readers say it has to do with intelligence and knowledge gained, while others point to a whole host of factors that could be at play.
An old man and a child travel across post-Civil War Texas in Paulette Jiles’s “News of the World.”
Designed for the railroad era, they have no place in our globalized, interconnected world.
Two catastrophes — a 2008 crash that made the country cheap for visitors and a 2010 blast that put it on the map — transformed the island into a top destination.
A letter to Tolstoy about his appropriation of Anna Karenina’s experience.
Wednesday: How and where to build to contain housing costs, cases of sexually transmitted diseases are surging in California, and vying for a solar power speed record.
Women would have to be lobotomized to believe anything the party of Trump tells them.
Allow me one last attempt to help you avoid a hangover that will stay with you the rest of your life.
This report and the monthly unemployment figures next week are the last snapshots of the overall economy before voters go to the polls on Nov. 8.
U.S.-Iran relations shouldn’t take place only at the highest levels.
Rarely has the economic rationale for a taxpayer-funded stadium been as flimsy as it is in Las Vegas’s case — and never has the subsidy been as high.
Markets had priced in a Hillary Clinton victory, but a furious reversal took place when that looked unlikely.
Donald J. Trump has had harsh words for China and other nations, but the question for the region now is how much of that rhetoric he will act on.
A good way to improve a sales powerhouse is to add more power. With a turbocharged engine, the 2017 Exclaim model makes the boxy Soul more satisfying.
The city, which was hit hard by slumping oil prices, has overhauled its night life, infrastructure and parks in hopes of becoming a world-class destination.
President Trump told corporate leaders that they could face tariffs if they don’t bring back manufacturing jobs, but he is fighting against larger market forces.
Can Trump reshape the Republican Party to address the concerns of working-class voters? His agenda may be too backward looking to succeed.
A countrywide, top-down corporate culture stifles South Korean innovation and may have contributed to the company’s problems, critics say.
The triumph of anti-Europeans in Britain and Donald J. Trump in the United States has galvanized the Continent’s far-right parties, who are wooing disillusioned voters.
Data suggests many of the nation’s economic fundamentals are solid, and economists say the president-elect’s agenda won’t alter the more worrisome trend lines.
San Francisco has the lowest share of children of the country’s largest cities, a longstanding trend reinforced by a tech industry that skews young and single.
A Minneapolis entrepreneur had help from the community as she sought to make hijabs that girls could wear on the playing field.
Investors who made the correct — and often bold — calls of last year see opportunities in the uncharted waters of the year ahead.
Minutes of its December meeting offer more evidence that the central bank sees itself as a counterweight to campaign promises on tax cuts and spending.
Current leaders on all sides must be given a graceful exit and guarantees they won’t face criminal prosecution.
Jay Y. Lee, the de facto head of Samsung, is accused of ordering large payments to the family of President Park Geun-hye’s confidante and two foundations.
Prosecutors have called for the arrest of Jay Y. Lee, the de facto head of Samsung, one of the country’s top companies.
The nation’s capital is used to presidential transitions, but it seems particularly unsteady and on edge with Donald J. Trump about to enter the White House.
States like California and New York have been leaders in curbing carbon emissions from energy. But to achieve their goals, both may need to embrace nuclear power.
With the Canadian prime minister’s image in need of some polishing, his January town-hall tour has all the earmarks of a campaign to reconnect with voters.
Max Baucus, the ambassador to China, and five others told Congress in an open letter that the United States should not cede its position in Asia-Pacific trade to China.
Donald Trump’s approval numbers are dismal, but there may be something about his appeal that is not captured in the traditional ratings.
Jon Ralston, a journalist known for his confrontational style, is starting The Nevada Independent, saying he sees an appetite for more sources of news.
Why a huge government investment in robots may be a great way to help American workers.
The United States’ southern neighbor must convince President Trump that if he blows up the trade agreement, his country will suffer, too.
The wrestler Kisenosato has become the first Japanese athlete to receive the sport’s highest title, yokozuna, since 1998.
Thae Yong-ho, the highest-ranking official in years to flee, said that the regime’s control was weakening as a result of corruption and popular discontent.
The political tide might seem unfavorable for electric cars and solar panels, but the new president may see them as part of a job-producing future.
Shaun Harper offers a path for colleges and universities struggling with racism.
Mexicans called President Trump’s push to build a wall “an offense to Mexico,” a “slap in the face” and a “monument to lies.”
Mr. Perry had believed that, as energy secretary, he would be a global ambassador for oil and gas. In reality, he would be overseeing nuclear weapons.
Cabinet meetings are not held and government decisions are put off during President Robert Mugabe’s annual extended trips to Asia, which are funded by the nation.
It is hard to resist the 355 horsepower and 343 pound-feet of torque served up by the M40i.
Investors continue to pour money into exchange-traded funds as they pull money out of traditional stock-picking mutual funds.
Automakers are expected to ask the incoming Trump administration to review the decision by federal regulators to maintain standards for reducing harmful emissions.
Ms. Fox wrote for all ages, offering closely observed portraits of loss and abandonment. It was terrain she knew all too well.
Fannie Mae is now backing single-family home rentals, a sign that the government-sponsored mortgage entities are still alive after being left for dead.
A group of senior Republican figures, led by James A. Baker III, says that taxing carbon emissions is the fairest way to address a warming climate.
Traditional pensions have grown scarcer, life expectancies are generally greater and, for workers of all ages, planning is more important than ever.
People demand an end to the pervasive bribery that warps the political culture and saps the economy.
It takes compromise-oriented technocrats to make policy and pass laws, but there are few of those kinds of Republicans in Congress today.
The Trump administration’s expected move on emissions and mileage targets would remove a costly mandate, though some efficiency efforts would proceed.
Pickups aren’t just big, they’re big business. The Ram 1500, with an engine note that announces its presence, can be better equipped than some luxury sedans.
Internet sites now make it possible for you to rent out your home for parties, corporate events and photo shoots.
The world’s two most compelling populists have more in common than some might admit.
Daniela Alulema and her family — one legally in America, two not — feel the tension among fellow immigrants and are apprehensive about the future.
Masayoshi Son’s SoftBank Vision Fund could be described as a front for Saudi Arabia, and a contradiction to President Trump’s nationalistic rhetoric.
Once again, President Trump criticized the media for not telling the truth, then offered several misleading claims.
The Supreme Court nominee, Neil M. Gorsuch, is a critic of Chevron deference, a doctrine that says courts should defer to a federal agency’s interpretation of the law.
President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines said Tuesday that he would continue his antidrug crackdown, ignoring calls by human rights groups for a criminal investigation.
Economists traditionally dominate policy making in Washington, but they don’t have all the answers. Sociologists have a lot to teach us.
Big banks are pushing for new agreements on the customer data they share with technology start-ups like Mint and Betterment.
The Trump administration, backed by California Republicans, is withholding a $647 million federal grant for the electrification project, which has immediate consequences for the system’s 65,000 daily commuters.
A single road near the border in upstate New York helped a reporter gain insights into the surge of migrants into Canada.
News of the provisional deal provides a welcome respite for the Russian energy company, and the government in Moscow, but the company still has serious issues.
Goodbye and good riddance to President Park Geun-hye.
Nationalists seem convinced that they would win a new referendum, thanks largely to Britain’s vote to leave the European Union.
After a three-year drought of initial public offerings amid economic and political upheaval, some expect that more than a dozen deals will be filed by the end of the year.
It was the last state to emerge from the recession, but now its unemployment rate is down and political interest in its Democratic governor is up.
Executives in Toledo, Ohio, say their prospects are better under President Trump, citing his promises of fewer regulations and lower taxes and health care costs.
As the line between live and work blurs, residential developers invest in co-working spaces.
Mr. Fallon presented what he called the White House version of the party game “two truths and a lie.”
Wilbur Ross’s interactions with Russians at the Bank of Cyprus, where he was vice chairman, suggest he was more interested in forcing them out than working with them.
King Salman has traveled to Asia with 1,500 people, six Boeing jets and a military plane with 506 tons of cargo, including two Mercedes limos.
Masayoshi Son of SoftBank is weighing possible deals to bolster Sprint, which could allow aggressive investment in wireless networks in the United States.
Former Gov. Steve Beshear of Kentucky gave the Democratic response to President Trump’s first address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday. Here are his remarks.
The challenge for the two defendants in a conspiracy and securities fraud case will be to persuade a judge that separate trials are necessary.
The president said money for his big increase in military spending would come from a “a revved-up economy.” Economists offer a less rosy forecast.
Labour suffered a major setback in Copeland, a longtime stronghold for the party, but its win over Paul Nuttall in Stoke-on-Trent Central was a blow to the populist UKIP.
While President Trump promises to curb immigration, research suggests a straightforward way to bulk up the economy would be to let more immigrants in.
Not since the Reagan administration has Washington moved so quickly to nullify so many federal regulations.
More than half of the ultra-wealthy are self-made billionaires. The chance of joining their ranks remains incredibly slim.
The executive order has had repercussions for the professionals who oversee and coordinate everything from small board meetings to huge conventions.
When nearly everyone who can work has work, that’s a good thing. But when all the skilled labor is engaged, continued recovery becomes challenging.
Trump administration officials at a Group of 20 summit rejected concerns about spreading protectionism and made clear that the new administration would seek different approaches to global commerce.
The two presidential hopefuls clashed over immigration, integration and France’s role in the world.
All the political news makes it easy to overlook a quieter development: more signals of significant economic momentum.
The arrest of Mr. Lee, Samsung’s de facto leader, is a dramatic turn in South Korea’s struggle to end collusive ties between the government and conglomerates.
The arrest of Samsung’s de facto top executive intensifies the spotlight on a group of families that enjoy immense economic and political power.
South Korea grows tired of the power of its biggest companies, but critics worry that the tight links between business and politics will survive.
The billionaire investor’s Trian fund took a big position in the consumer products giant but didn’t disclose plans to increase shareholder returns.
Trump calls the deal terrible. But his aides know a frontal assault on it would divide us from our negotiating partners in Europe, China and Russia.
Evercore, Greenhill and Lazard beat earnings expectations but resilience will require confident clients this year.
The congressional action aims to reverse a regulation issued by the Obama administration to protect waterways from debris generated by surface mining.
President Trump has ordered that for every new regulation imposed, two old ones must go. It’s an intriguing idea but a misguided one.
For the first time since 2007, more than 40,000 were killed in crashes last year, a safety group estimated, pointing to lax law enforcement as a factor.
Mr. Kennedy, who won his Senate seat in a runoff in December, spoke with The Times about what his and President Trump’s victories say about a disillusioned middle class.
A potential deal, with PSA Group of France, would create a European rival to Volkswagen and free G.M. to concentrate on new technologies.
The president’s spokesman says Trump has been “incredibly tough” on Russia, but those watching from Kiev aren’t so sure.
In its first meeting since President Trump took office, the Federal Reserve said that the nation’s slow-and-steady economic expansion had continued.
In an unusually strong expression of humility, the executive, John Cryan, conceded “serious errors” as the German bank absorbs large legal settlements.
Times journalists visit a former ISIS stronghold and find it struggling to recover. Residents feel angry and abandoned, and militant attacks have resumed.
The presidential candidate François Fillon is in deep trouble over payments to his wife and children. But there is a long history of such cozy arrangements.
Tehran is moving cautiously, keen to avoid provoking a conflict. But one analyst says, “For this Trump, we need to talk and act tough.”
Bombshell executive orders from the president have dampened investors’ hopes of quick economic growth, at least for now.
People expressed dismay at a gathering that included several ex-military rulers, and leaders that some partly blamed for corruption, misrule and instability.
As more cities and states raise their minimum wages, researchers question how much difference the changes will make for the working poor.
The president-elect said only “stupid” people would reject an embrace of Russia, which has been anything but a willing partner of the United States for years.
The European Union’s statistics agency is expected to show an overall rate that’s steady at 9.8 percent, and several large lenders will report on their fourth quarters.
The overall number of fatalities dropped only slightly last year as pedestrian deaths rose, leading some to question whether Bill de Blasio’s safety campaign has stalled.
The S90 does something more than just offer safety and a Swedish vibe. It competes against the established luxury brands for the first time.
The tiny country assumed the six-month rotating presidency of a 28-nation bloc that is facing enormous strain.
“The New Celebrity Apprentice,” hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger, will debut Monday. And hiring data will come Friday. Economists estimate that employers added 175,000 jobs in December.
The be-your-own-boss promises of Uber, Lyft and other services came with a steep downside.
Great reads from around the web, from Gerry Mullany, Anna Dubenko and others.
The opposition Labour leader said he was “not wedded to freedom of movement” in the European Union, opening the way to supporting a so-called soft Brexit.
Yes, Israel did build a West Bank barrier. But it was to deter terrorists. It was never intended to stop all Palestinians from crossing into Israel.
In 2005, Honda dropped the body style that defined the original Civic in the United States in the ’70s. What is old is new again.
The Canadian Prime Minister and President Trump will have their first meeting on Monday, and the Fed chairwoman will discuss the bank’s monetary policy.
A tour in Lower Manhattan on a cold winter day is a somber and empowering course in the history of slavery — and the fight against it.
A vote in the House of Commons was not the final verdict, but with 498 for and 114 against, any efforts to slow Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union appeared certain to fail.
The actions constituted a broad effort to loosen rules enacted after the financial crisis that restrict the way Wall Street can operate.
There are many ways to measure the health of the labor market in addition to the best-known one.
A look at the news of the week, including a remembrance of victims in Quebec City, and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s handling of the new U.S. administration.
A handful of reporters and photographers dedicate their nights to following the trail of blood in the Philippines’ deadly drug war.
The president repeated misleading statements on the vetting of refugees entering the United States and on the crime rate.
The vice president also said he backed the president’s decision to seek the resignation of his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn.
The president, Adama Barrow, had fled to neighboring Senegal more than a week earlier after Yahya Jammeh, his defeated predecessor, refused to cede power.
Ant, the payment arm of the e-commerce giant Alibaba, has a deal to buy the American money transmitting business for $880 million.
A fixation on standard (and lately sluggish) measures of growth may obscure more profound advances in the nation’s innovation and well-being.
The cancellation of his trip to the United States ended months of diplomacy for a leader caught between his people and an unpredictable, and at times hostile, American president.
Even when offended, some looked past Donald J. Trump’s flaws to issues like jobs and immigration. Distrust of Hillary Clinton and a liking for Ivanka Trump also helped.
A judge warned that if Ms. Park was not quickly taken into custody, the former president might “destroy evidence.”
Europe’s top human rights body called on the government to provide more aid to women, children and the Traveler community, a historically excluded group.
David Enrich’s story of Britain’s Libor banking scandal reveals a financial culture in which success is defined by the outcome of the next trade.
Dozens of federal inspectors have been arrested and charged with accepting bribes to ignore the adulteration or expiration of processed foods and falsifying sanitary permits.
Uncertainty over the trade deal is hitting the country hard, pinching off foreign investment and lowering growth expectations.
A fresh idea by Jeffrey Wechsler.
The Democratic governor, Roy Cooper, is seeking common ground with a Republican legislature even as he fights off its efforts to curb his power.
As Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson heads to Beijing, his interactions with his hosts, and whether he takes a hard line with China over its support for North Korea, will be closely watched.
With new vehicles averaging $34,000, sometimes a model just a few years older can offer considerable savings — if you don’t mind slightly older technology.
Saudi Arabia is aiming to increase the company’s appeal to international investors as it gets ready to sell a 5 percent stake.
The youthfulness of the anticorruption protesters across Russia this weekend surprised even organizers, and clearly rattled the government of Vladimir V. Putin.
The writer recounted the story of the Baroness de Pontalba, a New Orleans-born heiress shot by her French father-in-law in a dowry dispute.
Mr. Navalny was arrested on Sunday during mass anticorruption protests across Russia that he had helped to inspire on social media.
Richard Nelson’s trilogy of plays, “The Gabriels: Election Year in the Life of One Family,” is on BroadwayHD.com. And “Bones” ends its run on Fox.
Cutting benefits and training won’t help working-class voters hit by disruptions in trade or address its toll on families, job prospects and longevity.
President Trump, who meets with the Egyptian president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, on Monday, will not allow human rights conflicts to become public, the White House said.
Investigators said employees at two food-processing giants paid inspectors to look the other way and allow rotten meals to be served in schools.
Sometimes the only way to push technology advances is through rules. Loosening the ones on fuel economy could leave the car industry out of step with the future.
As European Union leaders, minus Britain, go to Rome to celebrate 60 years, the bloc is divided and divergent, anxious that it represents the past.
The backing of rules adopted in the Obama administration is one of the most direct moves so far to blunt President Trump’s effort to roll back regulations.
Laird Hunt’s novel “The Evening Road,” set in 1930s Indiana, tells the story of a white woman, a black woman and a lynching.
Han Kang’s “Human Acts” revisits a 1980 uprising against South Korea’s authoritarian rule.
In “Reagan Rising,” Craig Shirley describes how Ronald Reagan and the New Right brought the G.O.P. back from the brink of extinction.
Andreas Weigend, in “Data for the People,” and Kevin Mitnick, in “The Art of Invisibility,” are alarmed about data mining and the loss of privacy.
Every year you age, health care technology changes — usually for the better, but always at higher cost.
While much of Europe has complained about the European Union, Bulgarians paint a different picture, with the Balkan country viewing the bloc as a major positive.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
The emerging, and dangerous, new form of crony capitalism.
Comparing his performance with that of other presidents: Things could have been much worse, and at the start, they were.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
The new president continued dismantling his predecessor’s policies by clearing the way for a project at the heart of the battle over climate change.
Congressional Budget Office projections reveal the strain that the debt will have on the economy as President Trump embarks on plans to slash taxes and ramp up spending.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
A total of 17.55 million vehicles were sold, but struggling passenger car sales, reliance on sales incentives, and a new administration raise questions.
His presidency’s transformative promise created both fears and expectations that he failed to manage.
Power brokers are in the Swiss Alps to discuss how to make globalization more lucrative, but there is no appetite for redistributing wealth or empowering workers.
As Donald J. Trump prepares for his inauguration, nominees to his administration are shedding assets to avoid potential conflicts of interest.
The global elites, perplexed by the rise of populism threatening to upend globalization, have expressed worries over what the new political order will mean.
A government lawsuit accusing Navient of misleading borrowers raises issues similar to those that tripped up subprime lenders a decade ago.
People in red counties resent the attention cities get — and don’t care for liberals.
Three of the top-performing mutual funds for the fourth quarter stuck with stocks much longer than most do. That paid off.
Centrists in Iran will have a harder time without Ayatollah Rafsanjani’s help.
Vague promises are not enough when we are considering enormous changes in our $3 trillion medical economy.
Though President-elect Donald J. Trump has railed against media company mergers, conservatives and liberals say they see no proof he will worry about the rise of megacompanies.
Mexico must be prepared to shed its historically conciliatory stance.
Two decades ago, the state was facing the stresses of an ethnic and cultural shift, and it lashed out at diversity before embracing it.
President-elect Donald J. Trump detailed his plans to distance himself from his business operations, but they have been deemed inadequate.
Economists lament the ways that physical currency enables tax avoidance and crime. But for most people, cash offers an increasingly rare form of freedom.
“And how can the national debt be up by 88 percent while the federal deficit is down by 58 percent?” Patricia Cohen, a Times reporter, explains.
The announcement of the new role for Mr. Giuliani, who wanted to be secretary of state, came almost as an afterthought.
The Turkish leader, however, often takes a firmer line with domestic audiences than with foreign ones, and diplomats said they remained cautiously optimistic.
Today’s populists don’t want to nationalize industry. They want to nationalize the elite.
More than two dozen inmates were killed and many were mutilated, the authorities said. The country is reeling from a wave of bloody inmate violence.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
President Trump’s early actions are a strategic gift to America’s rivals and enemies.
A bill in the Legislature would go beyond the Affordable Care Act and may serve as a model for other states.
A transformation of the delivery of health care may be an enduring legacy for the president, even as Republicans plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Natalie Massenet, who left Net-a-Porter after its merger with Yoox, likes Farfetch’s middleman approach to online luxury sales.
Employers added 227,000 to payrolls, but pay gains were scant despite increases in minimum-wage laws. The jobless rate ticked up to 4.8 percent.
All wars have unintended consequences, including culture wars.
Mr. Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker, will help overhaul the tax code, reshape financial regulations and renegotiate trade deals.
The president’s failure to push through broad health care overhaul has raised questions about the prospects of a sweeping rewrite of the tax code.
Here are some of the voices of those central to environmental policy who have denied the effects of human-caused climate change.
Restaurants in the capital are backing a campaign that asks foreign-born people not to work or shop in a demonstration of their economic importance.
Attention has been focused on the damage to the British economy, but that is hardly the only consequence.
As technology has grown more pervasive in the world -- driving  business, the economy, the way we live and work, and infusing popular culture -- the reporting, writing and storytelling about the subject in many publications has become commoditized, incremental and insidery. We are looking for hard-charging and creative journalists who share our mission and are driven to pursue journalism that makes a difference.
The decision at the start of the new administration was a signal that the president plans to follow through on promises to be aggressive with foreign competitors.
If Trump is serious about balancing imports and exports, he needs to think bigger.
That the Dow Jones industrial average reached the 20,000 mark shows that even with market collapses in previous decades, investors who held on to a core portfolio of large American stocks did pretty well.
Following the departure of his superstar teammate, Russell Westbrook was left to lead the Oklahoma City Thunder all by himself. That’s when something special happened.
It will only politicize science.
Sure, the latest terrible idea to come out of the Trump White House would hurt Mexico. But there would be plenty of collateral damage for Americans.
The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.
Mr. Nakamura made a business of amusement, starting with wooden horses and culminating with the creation of a company that developed one of the most successful video games ever.
The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans.
President Trump definitely wants to build a wall along the border, but we don’t yet know how the wall would be paid for.
The president, trying to move quickly to construct a border wall and reopen C.I.A. prisons, will most likely find that implementing policy is not as easy as the stroke of a pen.
What matters is not whether the deficit is rising or falling, but why.
Scott Pruitt seems intent on building an E.P.A. leadership that is fundamentally at odds with the officials who carry out the agency’s missions.
The people pinning their hopes on the German chancellor to defend the liberal world order don’t know Angela Merkel.
Danny Lyon’s photograph of prisoners toiling in a cotton field can be better understood alongside other images of labor.
Protesters are pressing the government to push back against Freeport-McMoRan, a U.S. mining giant, and to regain control of natural resources.
Mr. Maduro said his plan would quell mounting protests against him, but his opponents called it an attempt to avoid elections.
South Koreans head to the polls on May 9. The leader they choose will face many uncertainties, not least of them President Trump.
Car buyers crave style, handling and reliability, all of which Mazda delivers in the redesigned crossover.
While frustrations and delays soar, Governor Cuomo has had little to say about the subway woes, and Mayor de Blasio has been wary of getting involved.
President Muhammadu Buhari’s medical leave at a time when Nigeria faces serious problems has raised questions about who exactly is in charge.
Former President Bill Clinton and Victor Fleming help us celebrate the 75th anniversary of The New York Times Crossword.
Many employers say college graduates often do not have the skills required for a job. Some colleges are working to solve that problem.
Prime Minister Theresa May stepped back from a proposal that would have capped the assets of those who receive long-term care at home.
Tips on how to be an ecotourist.
Senators voted 51 to 49 to block a measure that would have undone a regulation to control the release of methane from oil and gas wells on public land.
Brushing off questions on the new drama that threatened to stall Republicans’ agenda, the House speaker stayed focused on a subject dear to his heart.
Voters faced the starkest of choices in the second round of the presidential election, with many expected to support neither Emmanuel Macron nor Marine Le Pen.
The best of this spring’s cookbooks remind us of the meaning and value of home-cooked meals.
Four years of free public college might be unrealistic, but two years could help students find better jobs, and keep the country’s economy competitive.
On Site Opera produced this early comedy in the West Side Community Garden. It travels to Atlanta later this month.
Kellie Leitch, a candidate for leadership of Canada’s Conservative Party, has set off a debate that is not likely to go away.
O Globo, a Brazilian paper, reported that President Michel Temer also directed the businessman to pay a lawmaker to help resolve a company problem.
President Hassan Rouhani defeated his closest rival, Ebrahim Raisi, 57 percent to 38.5 percent, giving him a mandate to continue his quest to open Iran’s ailing economy to global investors.
President Vladimir V. Putin has called repeatedly for unity in fighting terrorism. President Trump seemed to take up that call, at least momentarily, on Tuesday.
At each major turn in Brazil’s long-simmering political crisis, secret recordings have produced one bombshell after another, tripping up some of Brazil’s most powerful politicians.
After President Trump declined to endorse NATO’s doctrine of collective defense and the Paris climate pact, the German leader said Europe should “take our fate into our own hands.”
Six confounding trade-offs in any tax deal show why this puzzle will probably prove arduous.
A proposed “border adjustment” tax is meeting furious opposition, threatening to jeopardize yet another signature legislative initiative.
American companies see tax relief to bring home cash stashed abroad, and mergers could result
A win for Mr. Moreno, a former vice president and close ally of departing President Rafael Correa, would be a rare victory for the Latin American left.
The Porsche family patriarch Ferdinand Piëch is selling most of his stake to relatives rather than to an outside investor who might have demanded changes.
Instead of freedom, workers at companies like Uber have encountered low wages and coercion.
Mr. Gangi, 73, plans to run against Bill de Blasio in a Democratic primary as an advocate of “social, racial and economic justice.”
The 1906 law, enacted under Theodore Roosevelt, has been used by presidents to protect vast tracts of public land from development and exploitation.
The ruling by a judge on Brazil’s Supreme Court allows prosecutors to start new inquiries of at least eight ministers in Mr. Temer’s cabinet and much of the senate.
Jaguar’s quietly handsome XE is more than a good romp on the back roads. It’s the brand’s most affordable vehicle.
“The Fourth Turning,” a 1997 book that foresees a crisis on par with the Civil War, helps explain the basis of an “America First” agenda that Stephen K. Bannon has helped shape.
Despite an expected rise, some analysts say that car sales aren’t coming as easily has they have in recent years, and the data may not tell the whole story.
Checking in on a Lower East Side institution, and a souvenir with staying power.
Jean-Luc Mélenchon, the far-left fourth-place finisher in France’s presidential vote, has refused to back Ms. Le Pen’s centrist opponent in the runoff, giving her an opportunity.
Americans hate their internet providers. So why is the president giving them more power?
In this lesson, students will analyze the growth of far-right movements in Europe and around the world.
Despite President Trump’s support of Keystone XL, state regulators still have say over the route. Some landowners see the pipeline as a threat to their water, farms and history.
The next president will enter office with Park Geun-hye on trial and Kim Jong-un rattling missiles.
Our Top 10 Comments of the Week: Readers debate an admission fee for non-locals at the Met, the French election results and flying cars.
France’s crisis of identity has long roots, in the Vichy regime and the war in Algeria. Can either candidate revive a sense of greatness?
An appeals court said it would delay a decision on the legality of the rule, which aims to tackle global warming by cutting emissions from coal-fired plants.
Monday: The state poet laureate, Holocaust Remembrance Day, and a neighbor’s poem.
Thousands of scientists and science enthusiasts took to the streets in Washington and around the world on Saturday to protest.
Prime Minister Theresa May was right to call for a snap election to solidify support during negotiations for a break with the European Union.
Members of the so-called collectives, or colectivos in Spanish, operate with impunity and will defend their besieged president at all costs, experts say.
Far-right populism has not fully crystallized electorally in Europe, though the issues that have animated the movements are not going anywhere.
King Salman also promoted his sons Prince Khaled bin Salman as ambassador to the U.S. and Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman as state minister for energy affairs.
The pro-European Emmanuel Macron’s victory over Marine Le Pen is another setback for far-right populists on the Continent.
The Fed chairwoman warned in a speech at Brown University that obstacles to women’s participation in the work force damage productivity in the United States.
Oracle Arena in Oakland and Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland reflect the character and ethos of two very different cities and teams, and their passionate fans.
The likely ascension of Ramush Haradinaj, who led Kosovo’s fight for independence and was twice acquitted of war crimes, is sure to anger its neighbor Serbia.
Voters, no longer content with the old, predictable divisions of class and regional identity, must be wooed by programs and personalities.
A high turnout of younger voters, many of them against leaving the European Union, voted against Theresa May’s Conservative Party.
Senate leaders are writing legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act without a single hearing on the bill and without an open drafting session.
An attempt on the life of a former prime minister is shrugged off, even celebrated.
This graduation season, The New York Times talked with seniors across the country who are not headed to college about their plans, hopes and dreams.
After the Rangers’ second-round playoff loss to the Senators, Coach Alain Vigneault hinted at changes to his aging defense.
Negotiators for America’s partners in the Group of 7 intensified pressure on the United States not to pull out of the 2015 climate agreement.
Leaders from Honduras and El Salvador implored Vice President Mike Pence to allow their citizens to remain in the United States under a temporary work program.
A decent showing in Thursday’s election, which seems likely, would bolster Jeremy Corbyn and his hard-left policies — delaying the overhaul that many in the party believe it needs.
A competition that has been held each June since 1923 on France’s Circuit de la Sarthe will be held this year on June 17 and 18.
The hybrid model gets two more miles to the gallon than the Toyota Prius, and it looks and drives more like a regular gas-powered car.
The race is shaping up as a referendum on the administration of Chris Christie, as well as an early test of the electoral impact of Donald J. Trump’s presidency.
What is the best way to raise children of any gender so that all children feel equal and nurtured to pursue their dreams?
Here are three books that help explain the United States’ fraught historical relationship with Cuba.
Political humor, “one of our national pastimes,” is a way of pushing back against America’s dominance. Its changes offer a lens into how Canada is changing, too.
President Masire was instrumental in transforming his arid, destitute country into the envy of other African nations.
In “A Fine Mess,” T. R. Reid cites examples from Estonia to New Zealand of how tax redesigns can drive economic success.
Jack Ewing’s “Faster, Higher, Farther” is more than the story of a scandal. It’s a rich history of a company, and a case study in how a corporate culture can turn toxic.
In “Anything Is Possible,” the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of “Olive Kitteridge” writes with a frank, unapologetic emphasis on forbidden desire.
In “Do I Make Myself Clear?,” Harold Evans, editor par excellence, explains why good writing is a moral issue.
“Golden Hill” follows the misadventures of a handsome young stranger who arrives in New York from London, hoping to cash in on a fortune.
In Diksha Basu’s debut novel, set in a wealthy enclave of New Delhi, characters with old and new money feel status anxiety.
In “Between Them,” the author of “The Sportswriter” imagines his mother and father, both as they seemed to him in life and who they were beyond his view.
Rooney began his time with the team as a water boy at age 9 and helped build one of the most successful franchises in N.F.L. history.
Christie’s cuts its London auctions, leaving Sotheby’s to go it alone with an “Imps and Mods” week.
Sentiment among Democrats and Republicans has swung sharply since November, creating a gap that — regardless of objective data — is wider than ever.
The left’s suspicion of the United States has been a feature of Greek politics for 70 years. Until now.
In this week’s newsletter, a Sydney professor returns from confinement in China, Australia struggles with race, and we ask readers: How should we cover food in Oz?
The Crow of Montana are among several Indian nations looking to the president’s pledges to end Obama-era coal rules or approve new oil and gas wells.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
It is more than a health care program. It is a life-giving one. And I am proof.
As early as 1966, Lyndon Johnson was looking for a way out of the war.
President Trump aims to roll back the Obama administration’s attempts to ban oil drilling off the southeastern Atlantic and Alaskan coasts.
Emmanuel Macron has no political party to speak of and has never held elected office, but he is one of the front-runners in Sunday’s election.
French voters were supposed to be rational. Could they still send two radicals to the runoff?
President Trump planned to sign an executive order targeting steel dumping, a measure aimed at China and a potential victory for his hard-line advisers.
Everything you needed — underwear, a house, a tombstone, a dining room set — all in one store or catalog.
Russians thought they would have a pal in the White House, but relations between the two countries are as tense as ever.
Despite a slow month, the overall job market is steady. Wrongheaded policy could change that.
People from nutrition geeks to philosophers are using a metaphor from software to describe the world.
After an investigation into a sales scandal at the bank, two former executives must repay $75 million in compensation.
That is the fundamental question Turkish voters will decide in Sunday’s vote on whether to expand the powers of the presidency.
The economy and party identification typically matter a lot in elections, even in a year with a highly atypical candidate like Donald Trump.
The presidential election on Sunday is one of the most consequential in recent times — not just for France, but for Europe — and one of the most unpredictable, too.
Why are big boasts turning into tiny policy tweaks?
By partitioning the state, millions of people could have a chance at self-government.
It is desperate for reform — and desperate not to be reformed.
Pulling out of the Paris climate accord is hazardous and shortsighted.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
A Muslim city councilor in a stagnant Paris suburb makes the case for modernizing the nation’s Republican values.
Two men survived shootings in the South Bronx, where violent crime is aided by an unending tide of guns. But when they ran into each other last year, the encounter turned deadly.
His cabinet reflects the political realignment he’s brought. Now he must translate that into legislative power.
Thanks to “Brexit,” Borderlanders will have to adapt, yet again, to what distant powers decide for them.
“We need to have the best transit system on the globe,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo said this week, but New York’s system is nowhere near the best and is getting worse.
Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen gave the voters fireworks, highlighting the sharp contrast between their views.
An overture from the incoming Moon administration to start talks with Pyongyang should be made with caution.
Ebrahim Raisi, the darling of the country’s conservative clerics, might one day become the supreme leader. But can he win the presidency?
Tuesday: A renewal plan for San Jose, Carrie Fisher’s toxicology report, and a guide to free museums in Los Angeles.
One bro is driving us into the future, the other into the past. But Travis Kalanick and Donald Trump intersect on the same road to ruin.
The president said he was revoking elements of a “terrible and misguided deal” by reinstating travel restrictions, a symbolic step away from seeking better relations.
Absolute dependence on oil and gas has turned political infighting into a winner-take-all contest.
Tuesday: A bid to ease the housing crisis, an accusation of dirty play by a Warrior, and a giant sandbox for off-roaders in Southern California.
We all may be losing sight of the difference between appearance and reality — between what we advertise and what we do.
It will stand down its nuclear program only when sustained financial pressure threatens to bring revolt or regime collapse.
The young political centrist won a strong victory over the extreme rightist Marine Le Pen, but still faces a challenge in governing a divided country.
The abrupt transition from trauma to triumph has shaped Israel’s political choices for the past 50 years.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
History shows that stupidity and autocracy aren’t mutually exclusive. In fact, they go hand in hand.
Liberal Democrats have pressed lawmakers to support a single-payer health care system, and strident supporters say the party has moved further left on the issue.
Friday: Lawmakers and other Californians responded to the Paris accord withdrawal, a single-payer health plan advances in Sacramento, and a Fresno girl becomes national spelling champion.
Trump’s plan takes numerical dishonesty to a new level as part of an effort to gut Medicaid and other programs while cutting taxes on the rich.
The decision, which disappointed some Israel supporters, was made in hopes of preserving the president’s chances of negotiating a peace settlement.
The end point of hardening American fracture is violence.
Unaffordable properties have become a potent symbol of thwarted economic hopes and dwindling social mobility.
The best change is not hasty, as dreamed by the last century’s idealists, but a gradual, grinding conversation.
Senate Republican leaders released their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, even as enough senators to block it declared their opposition.
The struggle between nationalists and globalists has replaced class struggle.
All the cabinet members tried, but only one could triumph.
Criticizing euro policies isn’t an endorsement of the FN.
Contemporary art auctions may be on the rise, largely thanks to financial guarantors, as shown by the $110.5 million bid for a Jean-Michel Basquiat painting.
The disappearance of more than $400 million of investors’ money from a branch of the bank China Minsheng illustrates what economists say is a growing risk.
President Trump’s vow to tighten immigration policies have spurred thousands to seek an EB-5 visa before tougher requirements can be put in place.
As cars remain a point of conflict, Detroit pushes to sell pickups in a market long skeptical of them, in an effort to tap a Chinese taste for American brands.
The president’s claims about the trade deficit with China are exaggerated, and his accusations of currency manipulation are outdated.
Never underestimate the power of fact-based reporting.
Global steel makers blame Chinese rivals for swamping the world with unwanted product, but closing mills there can be expensive and difficult.
The latest trademarks could allow the president to expand his business interests in scientific and technological services, building construction and medical and veterinary services.
The president is a serial liar, but he’s right that Beijing plays unfair on trade.
Two years after a Chinese stock market crash, a weakened currency and rising debt sent jitters around the world, some investors are getting nervous again.
Beijing may make the renminbi less responsive to market moves, which could stem a flight of money out of the country but undermine earlier promises.
The trademarks expand the president’s business interests in China, which have already stirred complaints over possible conflicts of interest.
For the Bolshevik leader, the ends justified his means. But if you asked any Russian in 1917, the answer was yes.
As workers in China complain of excessive hours and seek higher pay, the factory owner is sending more jobs to Africa.
A town welcomed an investment in a glass factory employing more than 1,500, but tensions have arisen over safety, foreign control and culture clashes.
China has built hundreds of dazzling new bridges, including the longest and highest, but many have fostered debt and corruption.
Rising online retail sales and a stronger overall economy helped the Chinese e-commerce giant, but expansion beyond its core businesses has been slow.
The president’s trove of trademarks in China and elsewhere have sparked criticism over potential conflicts, and run counter to his nationalistic agenda.
The sanctions on a Chinese bank, a company and two citizens follow the death of Otto Warmbier, a U.S. student who was imprisoned by North Korea.
A bellwether series of big-ticket auctions is expected to test the resilience of the art market in the Trump economy.
No case connected to the state’s recent spate of executions was more locally resonant than the one involving Cecil Boren, whose killer, Kenneth D. Williams, was executed on Thursday night.
The Garage Museum took on the challenge of hosting the Triennial of Russian Contemporary Art, an uneven and ambitious showcase in Moscow.
This tame exhibition fails to capture the realities of a world that has changed drastically in recent months.
Voters will choose between two politicians with radically different views on core issues in the final round of a presidential election that will define the future of France — and of Europe.
Analysts will watch whether Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley keep up with rivals like JPMorgan Chase. A new model of the Samsung Galaxy is selling briskly already.
The Fed is preparing a plan to reduce its $4.5 trillion portfolio of securities, which it accumulated in an effort to boost the economy during the Great Recession.
Consider an alternate history in which the Trump administration absorbed and embraced the lessons of right-wing populists from abroad.
The move would be part of an effort to fulfill a campaign promise to lead $1 trillion in projects to rebuild roads, bridges, railways and waterways.
President Trump’s first budget promises booming economic growth, sharp tax cuts and an end to federal deficits. Experts say it’s too good to be true.
The White House insists that economic growth will offset its proposed tax cuts, but many economists disagree, creating a moment of truth for conservatives.
The economy added 211,000 jobs in April, the Labor Department said, after weak hiring figures for March. The jobless rate declined to 4.4 percent.
The department store chain said it would look at going private as the retail sector continues to struggle.
Republicans have vowed to dismantle legislation enacted in the wake of the financial crisis, but their Choice Act faces a tougher fight in the Senate.
Some G.O.P. lawmakers are rallying around the idea that less taxation is more important than less debt, in a break from their party’s vocal deficit hawks.
The longtime banking and investment management executive at Goldman Sachs says he wants to focus on his family.
During his campaign, Moon Jae-in vowed to tackle not just government corruption but also surging household debt, high youth unemployment and stagnant wages.
He was held as part of extradition proceedings that could lead to him being sent back to India, which he fled over a year ago under an avalanche of unpaid bills and accusations of fraud.
The central bank’s departing governor said she had made necessary moves. A major lender’s troubles and takeover, however, have raised concerns about the country’s ability to manage billions in foreign aid.
A Princeton and N.Y.U. professor, he identified Baumol’s cost disease, which explains why the cost of services rises faster than the cost of goods.
With unexpected speed, European officials approved a plan to use Italian taxpayer money to protect depositors in two faltering banks.
The plan would cut nickel production by half in the country, the world’s top nickel exporter. Mining companies are joined by indigenous tribes in opposing the plan.
Investors’ relentless emphasis on the bottom line is fueling consumer frustration, and even episodes of air rage.
A civil war has broken out among the most powerful players in the industry, which is scrambling in the face of public anger and legislative efforts to reduce costs.
A dispute that goes to the heart of how conservatives and liberals view the role of work, and the problem of poverty more generally.
Efforts to ramp up shipments could be complicated by a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
A self-taught industrial designer, Mr. Fresco promoted an alternative society where resources would be distributed equitably by computers.
The Trump administration appears to have little appetite for another European economic relief project. And calls are growing for Europe to help.
We followed major developments in the markets throughout the day. Check here for the latest updates.
An old and trusted indicator in the bond market is warning about possible trouble ahead in the economy and the stock market.
The withdrawal process could take four years to complete, meaning a final decision would be up to the American voters in the next presidential election.
Although the cuts had bolstered prices, major industry trends already underway could mute their impact.
In his new book, “Scale,” Geoffrey West, a theoretical physicist, manages to deliver a lot of theory and history accessibly and entertainingly.
When Spain’s fifth-largest bank failed this month, Banco Santander swooped in to the rescue, and regulators breathed easy. They should have been scared.
Also known as International Workers’ Day, it is an occasion for political demonstrations in much of the world.
Central bankers’ signaling a move away from low rates, presaging the end of hyperliquidity, has sent many shares sliding.
A Stanford professor’s vision of an economy wholly powered by renewable fuels has drawn a heated rebuttal from scholars who question many of its assumptions.
The sportswear brand is reorganizing its operations to focus on a dozen cities around the world that it expects to drive most of the company’s growth.
A large piece of London’s banking business depends on its inclusion in the European Union.
In the waterlogged Netherlands, climate change is considered neither a hypothetical nor a drag on the economy. Instead, it’s an opportunity.
The metropolis that globalization created may well be the capital of the world. But after the “Brexit” referendum, its future as an international crossroads is far from certain.
Puerto Rico is seeking what is essentially bankruptcy relief. This is what’s happening and how the island got here.
Today’s energy jobs are in solar and, increasingly, wind power, rather than coal. But jobs are unevenly distributed across the country.
The preliminary deal with international creditors would allow Athens to receive emergency funds in exchange for promises of higher taxes and lower social spending.
After eight years of pestering corporations and executives on behalf of consumers, it’s time for retirement.
Less chatting on the couch; fewer idiosyncratic toiletries in the bath. Pursuing growth, the company promotes consistency among its millions of hosts.
The president’s threat to pull the United States out of the North American Free Trade Agreement would hurt the very workers he says he aims to help.
The investment company Blackstone says the Saudi sovereign wealth fund has committed the money to a fund that could spend more than $100 billion on infrastructure.
Supporters of the Obama-era law accused congressional lawmakers of supporting the financial services industry over low-income workers who benefited from the measure.
In a rare joint session of legislators, the president cast himself as the agent of change that the country wanted and its rampart against a newly uncertain world order.
The president calls the Iran nuclear deal an “embarrassment,” but ending it would destroy his credibility in any talks over North Korea’s arsenal.
Roma and Condesa were hit hard by the big 1985 quake and took years to rebound. Then came the devastation from the Tuesday earthquake.
Our weekly look for and about Canadians, Canada Letter, explores medical wait times, visits the Yukon and remembers a political mastermind.
At a G-20 summit meeting marred by violent protests, 19 other member states broke decisively with President Trump, in a victory for Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany.
Martin Walker shares the wines and food of the Périgord region, which inspired the fictional world of Bruno Courrèges, his small-town French police chief.
As the election enters the homestretch, campaign donors who might want to give more than the legal limit find they can send money to national groups, which can send it right back.
The untitled, previously unknown work was written by the famous author when he was 10 years old.
Critics of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy say he has overreached in dealing with Catalan separatists.
Our weekly look for and about Canadians reviews the latest trade tussle between Canada and the United States and previews a Broadway show with Canadian input.
Speaking to the National Association of Manufacturers, the president said that under his leadership “the era of economic surrender is over.”
An influential six-term senator from New Mexico, Mr. Domenici was a plain-spoken master of budget, tax and nuclear power issues.
The museum is searching for a director. Maybe it’s time for a woman to assume control.
The efforts in recent years to broaden the obligation of military service have underscored the country’s deep social divisions.
Gov. Sam Brownback has accepted a job with the Trump administration. His departure will be an anticlimactic turn for a man who once had presidential aspirations.
A town’s biggest employer helps save the local school, and there is an influx of would-be immigrants at the border south of Montreal.
The kingdom has arrested 16 people — including clerics, scholars and a prince — and it is not clear if they have been charged.
When workers still need help, the Fed is focusing on the wrong problem.
One-stop shops to print and frame your digital travel photos without the hassle, and at prices that won’t bust your budget.
While Theresa May’s government hopes to move swiftly toward a post-Brexit trade accord, Brussels insists that other issues must be resolved first.
The first major hurricane to make landfall in the United States since 2005 caused flooding over a vast area, and officials were scrambling to assess the damage.
At a conference where economic policy makers usually discuss how to fuel growth, they instead worried about threats from protectionism, deregulation and the debt ceiling.
As talks on Brexit intensify, Mrs. May is seeking to reassert authority over her feuding Conservative Party, but the odds are stacked against her.
Ms. Ford, whose works included “The Playhouse” and “Monkey Bay,” found her stories in ordinary lives.
After two years of sniping (and worse) from critics, Chris Dercon has finally taken the helm of Berlin’s Volksbühne theater.
The number of problem gamblers has risen by 50 percent in recent years, and campaigners blame a machine that is unique to British betting shops.
Despite widespread support for the criminal case to move forward, Brazilian lawmakers voted to spare President Michel Temer from standing trial on corruption charges.
A visit by Energy Secretary Rick Perry to a West Virginia laboratory whose budget he would cut highlighted the contradictions in the administration’s policies.
How an engineering professor who “flunked my way” through high school math and science went on to create the world’s most popular online course.
A World Bank-sponsored study found that wealthy countries Finland, Saudi Arabia and the United States and poor nations Eritrea, Pakistan and Tanzania had gone through assessments.
“Who the hell wants to speak about politics when I’m in front of the Boy Scouts?” the president asked in West Virginia. As it turns out, he did.
A construction mishap severed a transmission line that brings electricity to Hatteras and Ocracoke, N.C., prompting officials to order evacuations.
On a day of civil unrest, many Venezuelans didn’t vote and nations across the region rejected the predetermined result of President Nicolás Maduro’s effort to rewrite the Constitution.
Although the countries joined the European Union in 2004 on a wave of enthusiasm, their governments are now loud critics. Polish and Hungarian readers shared their views.
France’s new young president, an untested centrist, is seeing his support quickly evaporate as he angers and alienates the left and the right, according to polls.
A sense of place, and a place to sell, are suddenly important in the beer world. So contract, or “gypsy,” brewers are putting down roots.
As early as 1987, Professor Goldman painted a grim picture of the consequences of perestroika and glasnost.
To participate, just post a comment here by Aug. 4 at 7 a.m. Eastern. This week’s winners will be announced on Aug. 15.
Books by former Dallas police chief David O. Brown and the law professor Paul Butler, and a collection edited by Angela J. Davis, call for transformation of the system.
In “The New Education,” Cathy N. Davidson argues that colleges must do more to adjust to social and economic realities.
“Why Poetry,” by Matthew Zapruder, and “Poetry Will Save Your Life,” by Jill Bialosky, attempt to explain what readers can get out of verse.
The pioneering programmer discusses her career and the dangers the internet poses to culture, privacy and civility in “Life in Code.”
Near-empty villages try to hold on to an endangered way of life — and some of the country’s most important artisanal traditions.
As islanders wait for doctors, medicine, fuel and manpower to rebuild, the economic toll from the storms is only starting to come to light.
Political fragmentation and populism in Germany will make it harder for Angela Merkel to pair with President Emmanuel Macron of France to revitalize Europe.
Senate Republicans are pressing ahead with a plan to cut taxes by up to $1.5 trillion, and those worried about the deficit have little company.
A Republican champion of the coal industry, he delivered for his Scranton-area constituents and survived ethics charges, of which he was acquitted.
Hurricane Maria’s barrage took out entire plantations and destroyed crops and livestock across the island. The storm knocked out about 80 percent of its crops.
A dam in northwestern Puerto Rico suffered structural damage on Friday, the governor said at a news conference, prompting evacuations of areas nearby in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
On Thursday, Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, called for the disbanding of President Trump’s “election integrity” panel, the latest response to racial violence.
If Jeremy Corbyn’s party is ever to get back in power, it has to win over its lost workers.
Even in a runaway and deadly epidemic, architecture can become an important element of a cure.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
A French philosopher looked at power struggles. Understanding his thinking might also provide some insight into President Trump.
Britain can make a virtue of necessity of its postelection political stalemate and do what it does best: muddle through.
The bill that appears to have died in the Senate was unpopular for good reasons. Congress must now look for bipartisan solutions.
Washington is in denial, but California and nine Northeastern states are forging ahead.
The restrictions on trading and sales of Venezuelan debt could increase the likelihood that the government defaults at year’s end.
As early as March, officials said, some of the roughly 800,000 beneficiaries of the program could become eligible for deportation.
Caught between rampant development and NIMBYism.
Americans can’t afford to move to the cities with strong job markets like New York, San Francisco and Boston.
The agency is too important to treat like a reality TV show. People’s lives and our country’s resources are at stake.
With Florida’s governor warning that Hurricane Irma will be stronger than Andrew, here’s a refresher on that powerful storm.
Mr. Putin denied Russian interference, and the leaders did not dwell on the subject. The meeting lasted far longer than expected.
The president goes abroad, and his personas multiply.
Is the violence simply a horrendous crime problem, or is it an actual war?
The city’s critical institutions have been weakened by the Chinese Communist Party and Xi Jinping’s meddling.
If you’ve developed new malicious software to break into a bank, do you test it out on Wall Street or in a developing economy?
Thursday: The disruption of San Fernando Valley’s porn industry, a Sacramento County sheriff’s deputy is killed, and Los Angeles drops Columbus Day.
Why are the people safest from the vagaries of nature the most fearful of them?
Homes sales are starting to pick up following the energy sector crash of 2014, but prices are still low and there are few international buyers.
Free-market boosters, including Betsy DeVos, promised that a radical expansion of charter schools would fix the stark inequalities in the state’s education system. The results in the classrooms are far more complicated.
Even before the water recedes, there are lessons to consider, including about flood mitigation and the reality of climate change.
President Trump has reason to worry about China, but he should seek areas of agreement with Beijing and enlist it in addressing global problems.
The president and his E.P.A. secretary miss a good opportunity for the nation by ignoring the threat of climate change.
But practical-minded utility executives are still shutting down coal-fired plants in favor of more affordable energy sources.
Moscow is in a unique position to help defuse the current crisis.
Crossrail is a megaproject meant to bind London together. But in the wake of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, it may signal the end of an ambitious era.
Fifty years after Martin Luther King campaigned for black economic equality, the difference in income between blacks and whites remains the same.
As part of the deal with the International Olympic Committee that was announced Monday, Paris will be awarded the 2024 Olympics.
Three words confront a particularly stubborn American delusion.
President Trump praises Russia and assaults the press.
But nobody ever admits being wrong about anything.
Malthus was right, and other themes.
Dalian Wanda, once one of China’s biggest real estate developers, is trying to reinvent itself as a slimmed-down operator of shopping malls.
The acquisition of Australia’s largest dairy was funded by loads of debt, the type of opaque deal-making that worries regulators around the world.
North Korea’s launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile has spurred the South to seek arms talks with the United States.
Conservationists worry that fishermen in an Indonesian village are no longer hunting whales for subsistence, which is legal, but for sale, which is not.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The modest conclusion underlines not just bureaucratic resistance to change, but the complex policy dilemmas facing the country.
As the Trump administration takes on Beijing over intellectual property, global trade rules could favor China.
In Unesco applications, the neighbors are trying to formally tie Tibetan medicine, an ancient practice with a growing commercial value, to their national patrimonies.
Bringing the Miss Universe pageant to Moscow in 2013 provided the Trump family an entree into Russia and partners with Kremlin connections.
But Choe Sang-Hun, The New York Times’s Korea correspondent, wishes that his iPhone could record phone conversations.
Iran’s strategic location makes it a focus, and Chinese investments and entrepreneurs are pouring into the country.
Anbang bought a retirement home chain despite United States questions about the Chinese company’s murky ownership. With its chairman detained, some officials are worried.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
By forging ahead before the Group of 20 meeting, Europe and Japan threatened to isolate the United States in important industries.
Xi Jinping is known for acting boldly, but for all the grief Pyongyang and its nuclear tests have been causing him, his options are limited.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The story of an across-the-board elevation of women’s status under Mao contains crucial caveats.
China’s leader will not want to look weak in the face of American pressure. But a destabilizing war on the Korean Peninsula would be even less welcome.
The business empire’s sheer size, influence and importance to South Korea’s economy have helped its previous leaders avoid hefty prison terms.
The popularity of shared-use bikes has brought a wave of misbehavior, raising questions about social decay and the decline of decorum.
G.M., Ford and Volkswagen are increasingly working on new-energy vehicles in a country that is pressuring them to share trade secrets.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Because it reminds them of the United States.
I supported the president in dozens of articles, radio and TV appearances. I won’t do it any longer.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The University of California, Irvine, effectively expelled 499 incoming students to reduce enrollment. On Wednesday, it reinstated most of them.
He wanted to show his proficiency with guns and knives, but opponents recut government propaganda with scenes from an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.
Though still a religious symbol, phalluses have become a curio to peddle in all sizes and colors to the increasing number of visitors to this Himalayan kingdom.
As sanctions take effect, China is selling more goods to North Korea than it is buying, raising questions about Pyongyang’s potential cash needs.
The United States commerce secretary said China’s government needed to do more to allow foreign companies to operate freely and close the trade deficit.
The confluence of the latest North Korean detonation with a major appearance by President Xi Jinping of China was a message to Mr. Xi, analysts say.
Eco-friendly companies are boosting productivity with new means of production.
The posters were found as Chinese enrollment at schools in Australia grows and as the country confronts concerns about Chinese influence in its politics and economy.
Laws that restrict new construction from creating shadows on two of the city’s cherished public parks may be changed for a proposed 775-foot tower.
Dara Khosrowshahi said in an open letter that the ride-hailing service had “got things wrong.” The company will appeal a decision over its right to operate in London.
White House officials highlighted President Trump’s negotiations with the world’s largest contract electronics maker, to secure the project, which they said would represent a $10 billion investment.
The case focused on Google’s use of a subsidiary in Ireland. A court in Paris said the technology giant was not liable for the back taxes.
The incident threatens to strain relations between the two countries and demonstrates how energy has become a weapon in Russia’s struggle with Ukraine.
With a new funding round, the Southeast Asian ride-sharing company Grab is doubling down as Uber seeks new leadership.
Republicans are promising to stimulate investment and create jobs. But steps to undo tax dodges may not produce the intended economic lift.
As the administration renegotiates Nafta, a fan manufacturer in Kentucky worries that its business could be hurt by rising impediments to trade.
Nelson Peltz’s Trian has begun a proxy fight at the consumer products giant, the biggest yet waged by an activist shareholder.
The forcible removal of Dr. David Dao from a flight in April led to calls for a boycott of the carrier, but the airline did not take a financial hit in its quarterly report.
The Trump administration opened talks with Canada and Mexico on the North American Free Trade Agreement by asserting that the current deal had failed.
Many wonder if Gary D. Cohn’s and Steven Mnuchin’s real-world experience in finance has equipped them to carry out a delicate political negotiation.
Focusing on core competence and outsourcing the rest has made U.S. companies lean, nimble and productive. It has also left lots of people worse off.
A potential change to the London Stock Exchange’s rules could make a British listing for Saudi Aramco look more attractive.
Janet Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, said Friday that stronger financial regulations have benefited the economy and should be preserved.
If completed, a deal between two American allies would diminish the role of U.S. companies in those markets while rebuking President Trump’s policies.
Hospitality workers are finding that technology has its limits and are being encouraged to embrace their roles as ambassadors for their cities.
Uber’s new chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, said that an initial public offering wouldn’t come until 2019 at the earliest.
The SpaceX founder insists that he can ferry cargo into space and fly people anywhere in the world in less than an hour, and make money doing it.
Chancellor Angela Merkel’s message of strength has dominated the election campaign, but poverty, economic insecurity and income disparity have grown during her tenure.
The Trump administration blames China for the decline of aluminum production in the U.S. But where has it really gone?
With the tech industry’s increasing dominance, Jason Calacanis, a tech investor, offers a radical guide for prospering: betting on more of it.
The new duties on Bombardier, which will more than triple the price, come as Canadian and American negotiators clash at the Nafta table.
Amid it all, a handful of new designers are debuting collections. 
Investor jitters led to the United States stock market’s worst day in almost three weeks, but Asian markets were mostly unruffled.
Small-business owners, some of the most vocal opponents of the Affordable Care Act, are divided over Republican plans to reverse much of the law.
A federal judge sentenced a key player in a decade-long scheme to evade federal emissions rules. The term was stiffer than prosecutors recommended.
In truth, interpersonal skills like collaboration, communication and empathy are vital to career success in technology.
The sentencing of Lee Jae-yong to five years in prison for bribery and embezzlement may finally mean a true crackdown on South Korea’s conglomerates.
The Commerce Department’s report is a sign that the economy remains on track, with underlying growth in line with levels since the current recovery began.
Even as mergers have significantly reduced competition, airlines like Spirit and Frontier continue to play a role in moderating ticket costs.
An examination of the Trump administration’s deregulation teams has revealed a string of possible conflicts, including some appointees who may be reviewing rules their previous employers tried to weaken or kill.
After a long period of ignoring Washington upheaval, investors went on a selling spree after provocative remarks by President Trump and the North Korean government.
Troubled domestic manufacturers say cheap Chinese products have undercut their own, but industry groups are urging a trade panel to reject sanctions.
Sizzling corporate earnings reports, not the president’s deregulatory agenda, are fueling the bull market.
Corporate chiefs are more likely to shy away from giant mergers in favor of a greater number of smaller transactions.
A deal would give the Chinese auto industry a foothold abroad and help it become an industry force. But Fiat Chrysler said there had been no overtures.
The company’s acquisition of Whole Foods sets up a clash between two vastly different visions for the future of labor.
The Commerce Department’s revised estimate of the annual growth rate is below President Trump’s 4 percent target, but better than the first-quarter pace.
But experts say it is still an open question whether the South Korean manufacturing giant has a clear strategy to carry it into the future.
A diesel emissions crisis has put the spotlight on links between the auto industry — responsible for Germany’s most important export — and the country’s leaders.
With a government in turmoil, it may seem an unusual time to form a new hedge fund. But Adam Capital is off to a running start.
The son of a corporate chairman has been targeted by advanced spying technology bought by the Mexican government to combat terrorism and organized crime.
The Remote Area Medical Expedition drew more than 2,000 people when it set up its free clinic at a county fairground in Appalachia.
The chief brand officer of the ride-share company on diversity statistics and trusting brands.
Since the country’s near-death experience a decade ago, Kenyans live in fear of their society’s capacity for violence.
Europe can best reduce the flow of migrants by encouraging market economies on the continent.
Drinking remains a crime, but Alcoholics Anonymous is flourishing and dozens of private and government clinics have opened alcohol rehabilitation centers.
Art Berlin joins the popular Gallery Weekend as an opportunity for the art world’s international buyers to swoop in.
The first New York museum show devoted to the design maverick Ettore Sottsass lavishly contextualizes his work, from a red Olivetti typewriter to his role in the Memphis design group.
The venerable aircraft maker is the Dow’s top performer this year, buoyed by its own execution and forces beyond its control.
Three months after an infamous video, United Airlines’ earnings were surprisingly robust, perhaps proof that people ultimately shop for convenience and price.
American affiliates of solar equipment manufacturers try to counteract low import prices. Negotiations between the United States, Canada and Mexico are likely to be tense.
The carriers have a dress code, of sorts. And if you do dress up, will that help your chances of getting an upgrade? Maybe.
Ministers, state leaders and car company chiefs gathered for a summit meeting in an attempt to contain a crisis of confidence that threatens thousands of jobs.
With the major devastation in the area, it seems worth reminding companies about how generous local taxpayers have been in recent years.
“The Infidel and the Professor” illuminates the deep bond between the father of economics, an establishment man, and the radical skeptic David Hume.
An attempt to increase petroleum prices has been undermined. If the past is a guide, Disney could make a newsy announcement along with third-quarter results.
The new French president’s boldest initiative is a bid to overhaul French capitalism. Just one thing may stand in his way: 3,324 pages of regulations.
Nearly a decade after the beginning of the financial crisis, concerns are rising that markets may be headed for a hard fall.
Its lawyers say that United States laws offering rewards for exposing corporate misdeeds present a business opportunity.
The White House move to prevent the chip maker from selling itself to a Chinese-backed buyer may signal trouble for similar proposed takeovers.
The merger of Invitation Homes and Starwood Waypoint Homes would create one of the biggest institutional owners of single-family rentals, with 82,000 homes.
The country’s plans were undone by widespread graft, weak commodity prices and a naïveté over how to succeed in a competitive industry.
The lender, Prodigy Finance, said Monday that it had also secured a $200 million credit line from an undisclosed bank.
Crude from West Texas shale fields is increasingly making its way abroad as a pipeline system is expanded to take it to market through Corpus Christi.
Successful schools, analysts say, will increasingly be the ones that expand their programs to suit the changing needs of employers.
With perks like terrarium-building and bar crawls, a number of housing developments are accommodating young, single professionals eager to socialize.
On the East End of Long Island, the professionally planted and tended vegetable garden requires a different kind of green.
VF, the owner of North Face and Timberland, is acquiring the maker of apparel for workers in manufacturing and construction — industries the president has promised to revitalize.
In Indiana, President Trump began an intense push to slash taxes and salvage what is left of his foundering legislative agenda in Congress.
The union successfully lobbied to exclude vehicles over 10,000 pounds from legislation on self-driving vehicles. But it would be smarter to prepare haulers for a career shift.
The prospect of further interest rate increases, despite signs of economic softening, makes investors nervous. Yet the stock market has been buoyant.
President Trump highlighted stock market highs, low unemployment and never-before-seen growth and optimism. Here’s an assessment.
Mayor de Blasio ran on a platform of ending income inequality, and had no natural kinship to Wall Street. Four years later, little has changed.
Its move to hire HTC engineers is intended to improve competition with Apple and Samsung. But the tech giant’s previous foray into handset making did not go so well.
Millions in European Union farm subsidies that go to Britain’s rich and famous — including Queen Elizabeth II — could be excised after the country leaves the bloc.
Republicans and Democrats continue to disagree about how to overhaul the tax code. But investors don’t seem to care for now.
The City Council is following Europe’s example with a new department devoted to life after dark.
Our politicians, with their lackluster style, should look to Paris for an example of expert image management.
Two Americans have accused officers of raping them, an unsettling allegation for a city that relies on money spent by foreign students and reveres its Carabinieri police force.
Vast physical distances are becoming less limiting, bringing conveniences but perhaps eroding the state’s special identity.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Kurdish independence aspirations appeared to stall — at least for now — as Iraqi forces seized oil facilities that supply most of the region’s revenue.
Using the leaked Panama Papers, the journalist, Daphne Caruana Galizia, exposed Malta’s links to offshore tax havens.
Government troops seize a crucial city and oil fields from separatists who have been pressing for an independent state in northern Iraq.
Interviews and records reveal new details about contacts between George Papadopoulos and self-described Kremlin intermediaries.
Ms. Patel, the international development secretary, held at least a dozen undeclared meetings with Israel.
With all votes counted, the incumbent, Borut Pahor, vowed to help “politicians solve problems, not the deepen divisions” in the nation.
It remains to be seen if Mayor Bill de Blasio’s landslide win on Tuesday will help him push his agenda in Albany and beyond.
“We’re all in the dark,” said one resident. Electricity remains fleeting in Puerto Rico, seven weeks after Hurricane Maria completely disabled the power grid.
The decision to restart two stalled projects reverses a campaign promise by President Moon Jae-in and disappoints supporters seeking a phaseout of nuclear power.
The loss is a major blow to the militant group, but it is unclear how long the militia forces can hold the area, which the Syrian government aims to retake.
Four new books explore the philosophical and political sources of the Russian Revolution, its early influences and how it influenced other movements.
Fewer than one in five of the 1,180 candidates running in Sunday’s election for the lower house of parliament are women.
The face-off represented the last, best chance for the two leading challengers to directly oppose Mayor Bill de Blasio before Election Day.
The Maronite Christian patriarch of Lebanon met the Saudi king during a visit overshadowed by political tensions between the two nations.
Rather than single transactions, Eleven James now will charge monthly fees for the temporary use of its timepieces.
How a partisan lens leads people to different interpretations of the same facts.
Emmerson Mnangagwa, 75, was vice president until his abrupt dismissal last week. He has close ties to the military. Observers fear he is as ruthless as the man he is set to succeed.
House and Senate Republican leaders, surrounded by analyses that suggest their plans will increase the deficit, are shopping for forecasts that say they won’t.
The military allowed him to address a university graduation, while negotiations aimed at a peaceful and face-saving exit continued.
There are tough choices at the heart of the Republican tax bills speeding through Congress, and they make clear the party values deep and lasting tax cuts for corporations above all else.
Former Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa succeeded the leader he helped to topple, Robert Mugabe, who had held the office since independence 37 years ago.
After sinking his party’s hopes of repealing the Affordable Care Act earlier this year, the Republican from Arizona may hold the fate of a tax overhaul in his hands.
Republican leaders passed the tax bill out of the Senate Budget Committee, clearing the way for it to come to the Senate floor later this week.
Ahmed Shafik, who narrowly lost the 2012 election, released a video accusing the United Arab Emirates of preventing him from leaving the country to campaign again for the presidency.
Look closely at this graph, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Advisers say many investors struggle to separate President Trump’s harsh political language from the strong fundamentals of American companies.
Ahead of a final vote, Senate Republicans scrambled to make changes to their proposal in order to address concerns that it would balloon budget deficits.
A research group has proposed ending weekday overnight subway service to enable much-needed repairs. Riders and transit advocates called the idea elitist and unfeasible.
This season’s graphic novels run the gamut, from an emotional coming-out story to a fantastical journey into a world of strange peach people.
Ravaged areas in the city of Homs symbolize President Assad’s ruthless tactics and embody a looming challenge as the war approaches an end: the politics of reconstruction.
With Brexit looming large, more-affordable housing featured prominently as Philip Hammond presented his budget to Parliament.
The re-election bid of President Juan Orlando Hernández has turned into a referendum on how much control over the country’s fragile institutions Honduran voters are willing to cede.
We looked outside the nation’s capital to ask leaders in states and cities to offer their vision for reconnecting with voters.
“Styles is the document of the conflicts between rich and poor, which is why our section makes absolutely everyone unhappy eventually.”
The fresh round of sanctions was unveiled by Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, as he embarks on a four-country trip to the Middle East.
The Senate voted to begin the formal process of reconciling its tax bill with the House version as lawmakers continued to discuss changes to the legislation.
A motion of no-confidence in the deputy prime minister, filed by the main opposition party, could end a fragile coalition just as Dublin wrestles with Brexit talks.
Britain has capitulated to the E.U., doubling its cash offer as part of exit talks. It was not the first time, analysts say, and won’t be the last.
Prime Minister Theresa May got past one hurdle with the divorce package, but now she and her cabinet must decide exactly what sort of Brexit they want.
The Netflix series often feels like a family drama and a political procedural shoehorned together, but this may be its most overstuffed hour to date.
In the 1990s, they were premature. This time, they might have arrived too late.
The top choices of this year’s wine books include an essential Champagne guide, an argument to organize wine by soil type and a thin volume of advice.
Brandon Gap, managed by the Forest Service, is a beautiful place to glide. But maintaining it requires some hard work — and that’s a good thing.
On Thursday, Marco Rubio took a stand: He threatened to vote no unless House and Senate negotiators expanded the child tax credit.
Aleksei V. Ulyukayev, a former economy minister, has been convicted of corruption after a power struggle with the head of the state oil company.
The tax bill on the cusp of being passed by Congress is not the grand simplification of the code that Republicans promised when they set out to eliminate tax breaks and cut the number of tax brackets.
A House rewrite of the law governing higher education would dismantle several regulations imposed by the Obama administration to control for-profit colleges.
King Salman’s trip, the first state visit by a Saudi monarch, is a sign of the shifting dynamics in the Middle East as Russia assumes a greater role.
The country’s constitutional court blocked a session of the regional Parliament scheduled to take place on Monday.
Mr. Geffen lamented the downsizing of the $500 million David Geffen Hall project at Lincoln Center. “New York should have the best of everything,” he said.
An analysis by the comptroller found the economic impact of delays could range from $170 million to $389 million annually in lost wages and productivity.
As the economy has changed, so have the relationships between places, to the disadvantage of smaller cities and rural areas.
A day after the first charges from the investigation into Russian election interference, the president seethed, his party ducked and the opposition chortled.
Countless human-made troubles in the Indonesian capital pose an imminent threat to the city’s survival. And it has to deal with mounting threats from climate change.
Strobe Talbott on Alan Bullock’s “Hitler and Stalin” and Timothy Snyder’s “On Tyranny,” which span the arc of the Russian Revolution to the present.
Robert Dallek’s “Franklin D. Roosevelt” examines both the public and the private man.
John McPhee’s “Draft No. 4” collects eight essays that offer writing advice and take readers behind the scenes of his creative process.
The underappreciated Swiss Italian writer has two newly translated books in her ruminating, elliptical style.
“The Vanity Fair Diaries: 1983-1992” is Tina Brown’s own record of running that influential magazine, and all the glittering prizes that came with it.
The importance of intelligent and thoughtful debate on the most pressing issues of our times has always been the guiding principle of The New York Times Opinion section, and is more relevant now than ever. This year, we brought new focus to making bold arguments through visuals. Strong arguments aren’t just read — they are seen, heard, felt and experienced. Here are a few of our favorites from the year.
A Princeton economics professor, he was an adviser to Washington policymakers and an advocate of Obamacare.
A New York task force weighs a new fee on rides in for-hire vehicles in Manhattan, which would be paid by riders and raise money to fix the subways.
Photographs hold the power to clarify in tumultuous times.
Street crime, kidnappings and theft are part of everyday life in Caracas, Venezuela. So how do residents of the country’s capital city cope with the constant threat?
A Supreme Court justice blocked key provisions of a decree that critics said might one day spare President Michel Temer and allies from years in prison.
Her comments, made at a year-end news conference, underlined a commitment to self-defense just days after Beijing reiterated its goal of annexing the island.
Before Philip D. Murphy was a governor, he was a Goldman Sachs executive. And before that, he was raised in a home that revered the Kennedys.
Many of the foreign-born workers the region depends on are undocumented and do not qualify for most disaster aid. They may struggle to find affordable housing.
Parents, therapists and schools are struggling to figure out whether helping anxious teenagers means protecting them or pushing them to face their fears.
The Trump administration, which is phasing out a program for young undocumented immigrants, will stop accepting applications for two-year renewals after Thursday.
It's the busiest holiday travel season in years, but don’t go canceling Christmas just yet. Here are some ways to avoid the bustle.
We have a narrow-view president in a big-picture world.
Catalonia’s independence declaration is illegal under Spain’s Constitution. What rights do Catalonia and Spain’s 16 other autonomous regions enjoy?
Carles Puigdemont said he was not seeking asylum, but wanted to guarantee a fair trial for separatists who declared independence from Spain.
Tuesday: Kevin de León confronts a crisis in the capital, Netflix drops Kevin Spacey’s “House of Cards,” and a look back at River Phoenix.
The loss is another blow to the Islamic State and a sign of the resurgence of the Syrian army.
At the root of our political dysfunction is America’s long love-hate relationship with loopholes.
Wednesday: Alleged sexual misconduct in the Legislature, how the wildfires affected wineries, and the dominant Golden State Warriors.
An area in Yorkshire topped a national survey, upsetting stereotypes that northern England is colder, poorer and less sophisticated than the south.
Al Gore, Jerry Brown and Michael R. Bloomberg are in Bonn, Germany, telling other countries that the United States is still serious about climate change.
As Syria approves the Paris climate pact, the world should ignore the last holdout and achieve the goals it set.
A generation maligned as entitled whiners will be particularly hard hit by the Republicans’ wretched tax bill.
Market response may be muted; the big impact may be political.
Thursday: A debate over NorCal versus SoCal, fire-resistant Getty Center, waiting for rain, Tavis Smiley show suspended and finally, Jewish humor for Christmas.
A recent study of hunter-gatherers reminds us that our fictions are more than entertainments.
The United States needs to face reality: Egypt is neither important nor helpful.
Even if we accept the logic of corporate tax cutters, only a fraction of whatever growth we get will stay here
The F.C.C. has overplayed its legal hand.
The White House’s latest disaster relief request pushed the total from this year’s hurricanes and wildfires close to $100 billion, but it came with suggested cuts.
Thursday: Jerry Brown confronts Detroit, Harvey Weinstein’s long shadow, Californians brace for higher taxes
The gold trader told jurors why he’s helping prosecutors: “Cooperation was the fastest way to accept responsibility and to get out of jail at once.”
President Trump has been expected to withdraw certification of the nuclear deal since he declared at the United Nations General Assembly that the agreement was “embarrassing to the United States.”
Workers like Shannon Mulcahy took pride in their jobs at the Rexnord factory in Indianapolis. The bearings they made were top-notch. In the end, it didn’t matter.
Friends share meals, volunteers direct traffic and streets are lined with extension cords so people can share power from “neighborhood generators.”
A trillion-dollar problem delayed a vote on the Republican tax bill, and the White House has an elaborate transition plan.
Paris hardly seems to have noticed that Nationalists on the rugged island, with an ambivalent relationship to France, are predicted to win elections on Sunday.
The capital’s dead holiday symbol stands for the city’s failings — and its residents’ enduring love for it.
Even tax-cut-friendly models say 2018 wages won’t benefit from corporate cuts
Haiti’s ambassador on alleged comments from President Trump: “It is long past time for such thinking to end.”
Major tax legislation should not be passed with extreme haste.
Runners who smiled ran more economically than those who frowned.
The Senate passed a nearly $1.5 trillion tax bill after hours of debate and over the objections of Democrats and one Republican.
Republicans try to create a safe space for political double talk.
The dominant sound this year was dark, traumatized and defensive, led by artists like Lil Uzi Vert, Future and Taylor Swift.
Health care for a thousand kids, or tax breaks for one wealthy heir? The G.O.P. prefers the second.
The housing market in Halifax has remained fairly stable over the last few years, reflecting a steady local economy.
The leaders of Spain and Catalonia have made their point. Now it’s time to show true leadership.
Democrats and Republicans need to act in the public interest and not for the powerful and connected.
Many loyal visitors to the Caribbean, including this writer, plan to travel to their island getaways, eager to help out, if only with their tourism dollars.
The European Union has failed to integrate many former Communist states. But their leaders deserve blame, too.
The Government Accountability Office says costs to the federal Treasury from climate change will continue to rise.
Let’s get fiscal.
The German elections revealed that the East-West divide is not simply between Germany and its post-Communist neighbors, but within the West itself.
Hundreds were injured as riot police officers, some firing rubber bullets, dispersed voters, Catalan officials said. Dozens of police officers were also hurt.
The Trump administration is using sleights of hand to justify rescinding one of the most significant climate rules of the Obama years.
Automated cars will save lives and make us more productive, manufacturers say. But most Americans say, not so fast.
The president’s manipulation of racial, cultural and economic anxiety will continue to serve him well politically. Until it doesn’t.
Oaxaca has become popular during the holiday season when the temperate weather, the food and the festive spirit attract travelers from near and far.
The Senate will diverge from the House legislation in several key ways, including eliminating the ability to deduct state and local taxes and scaling back, rather than ending, the estate tax.
A 35-year-old budget cap has denied the island the more generous and swifter relief that storm victims this year in Texas and Florida received.
Con men get really angry when someone points out their con.
The retirement announcements last week of the Science and Financial Services chairmen brought to 27 the number of Republicans who have left or are leaving.
The fate of the tax overhaul now hinges on a handful of undecided senators, and Senate Republican leaders cannot afford to lose more than two of their members.
Also: A limited defense of Trump and a look at sexual harassment by employment sector.
Negotiators made some progress in the fifth round of negotiations, but the United States trade representative said he remained “concerned about the lack of headway.”
Republicans have made clear where their values lie. Well-heeled campaign funders matter. Middle-class families don’t.
The nearly 40-year reign of one of Africa’s last liberation leaders appeared to be coming to a close as tanks were deployed in the streets of the capital.
The Republican proposals promise a needed update, but instead will just leave America in the past.
A collection of photographs that arrived at Columbia University just ahead of Hurricane Maria includes images of poverty that could have been shot today.
At the Labor Party conference there was a vote on government policy to join the Common Market.
A minor error, a revealing moment.
The growth case for tax cuts is even more pathetic than you thought.
Cut profit taxes, raise wages? Not so fast.
In which I try to wrap my mind around tax incidence yet again.
“The Museum of the Old Colony” is a photo-based installation exploring the complicated – and unequal – relationship between Puerto Rico and the United States.
Even if you believe the optimists, which you shouldn’t, the benefits of lower corporate taxes are much less than advertised.
Their model appears not to address trade deficits or foreign incomes, both of which are crucial to the discussion.
Alabama struggles with health care, education and infrastructure. But such issues have often been forgotten during the race between Doug Jones and Roy S. Moore.
In the latest IDC MarketScape: China Government Cloud Market 2017 Vendor Assessment, Huawei FusionCloud e-Government Solution ranks top in the leaders quadrant due to its strong comprehensive strength and forward-looking strategic layout.
The 44th president left office as one of the most popular in American history. He also left behind a party struggling to find an identity — and to reconnect with voters in time for the 2018 elections.
In her New Year’s address, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany promised to work swiftly on a new coalition, and to help heal rifts in society.
The European Commission is concerned that tax rulings in the Netherlands may have allowed the Swedish furniture retailer to pay fewer taxes and to gain an advantage.
The world’s No. 1 polluter will create a national market to clean up its power sector, putting it in a leading position on the issue as the U.S. retreats.
Mr. Hariri, Lebanon’s prime minister, expected the royal treatment when he was summoned to Riyadh. Instead, he was told to resign. Here is the back story.
Russian and Chinese officials criticized President Trump’s new national security doctrine for its emphasis on American exceptionalism.
From cooperative parties in the Bronx to the Lower East Side unions, the Big Apple was once a vibrant center for the left.
A visit to the reclusive country reveals the perilous moment we’re in.
Government and private analysts expect the North to bolster its nuclear and long-range missile capabilities in 2018 to gain leverage with Washington.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Truth No. 1: North Korea is a nuclear power now. Get used to it. But don’t fear the worst.
The unspoken question of endless browsing is “What do I need?” What I needed was less.
China has embraced globalization, aiming to become an example for emerging economies.
Chinese audiences provide Hollywood with huge profits, but sometimes it’s not so clear what the Chinese film industry gets in return.
A leadership shuffle in the Communist Party could hint at its commitment to an economic overhaul, but Xi Jinping’s growing power may hinder that effort.
On one hand, China enjoys the job growth and efficiency of the private sector. But the government keeps inserting itself into boardrooms.
Warning of deep and complicated changes but describing the outlook as “extremely bright,” the president is set to make himself the indispensable man.
Some surprising, serious and sometimes silly events and trends that happened for the first time in 2017.
The police detained seven people thought to have helped thousands of Chinese circumvent government limits on how much money they can move from the country.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Chancellor Angela Merkel says she would prefer a new round of elections to leading a minority government, if the quest for a majority coalition fails.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Huawei Technologies wants to banish from consumers’ minds the idea that Chinese brands can produce only cheap knockoffs.
Many Chinese say they are relieved to see a leader who seems to care more about making deals than idealism.
Even Donald Trump’s erratic leadership is unlikely to damage the United States’ standing as the world’s financial superpower.
Fraudulent research and faked peer reviews have led to a humiliating setback for China’s goal of becoming a global leader in scientific research.
Chinese officials face tough choices as they move to clean up skies and rivers, an effort that some say could put downward pressure on the economy.
In its rush to catch the United States, China has been prioritizing wildly ambitious growth.
Calls to remove works from museums because of racism and animal cruelty are an opportunity, not just censorship.
Media, telecom and other industries struggled to find lawmakers who would be critical of big technology companies. Not anymore.
Britain’s longest-serving monarch and her husband noted the occasion with the release of new photographic portraits.
Meet the digital security experts who can save your business.
Without water, there is no life. How can we manage this essential resource?
In its annual report, the International Energy Agency said the global energy market — normally a slow-moving industry — was going through a major upheaval.
Some economists say the Republican bills, by curbing or eliminating key deductions, could hurt property values, raise mortgage rates and reduce sales.
The legislation is slightly more favorable than the House version to those with moderate incomes, but much depends on variables like household size.
The legislation could send home prices tumbling, increase the region’s tax burden and make it harder for local governments to pay for infrastructure.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said repealing the estate tax will help the rich. Those comments stand in contrast to President Trump’s claim that the tax hurts the working class.
A study by the city’s Independent Budget Office estimated weekday subway delays resulted in $307 million of lost work time in a 12-month period.
In “Generation Wealth,” the photographer shows that she can satirize her subjects. But does she give insight into why we live the way we do?
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
As former shipyards reinvent themselves, one in Kearny, N.J., is being remade as a development that favors start-ups making products like bath oils, piñatas and chocolates.
The city’s first major modern and contemporary art museum opened this month with exhibitions drawn from the collection of its founder, Haryanto Adikoesoemo.
The president is pushing for repairs to the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, and he has promised to streamline government approvals. It still might not be enough.
If Beijing moves to take board seats at companies like Tencent and an Alibaba affiliate, it may hamper their deal-making overseas.
The company’s American unit was asked to turn over documents relating to the sale of substandard metals. Boeing, Ford and General Motors are among its customers.
Investors may be alarmed by Senator Bob Corker’s rebuke of President Trump, largely because of what it might mean for issues like a tax code overhaul.
The Democratic senator from Virginia is emblematic of the shifting politics for big technology companies, which face congressional hearings this week.
Britain’s monarchy can be big money. And with a royal wedding next year, tour groups, ceramics makers and other companies are trying to capitalize.
A sportscaster and a financial planner have started an exchange-traded fund aimed at enabling avid sports fans to invest in what they know.
Graduate programs in STEM have the highest percentage of international students of any broad academic field. Why don’t the locals bother?
Just as the country seemed to be recovering, the referendum has made investors wary, and prompted banks and businesses to move out of Catalonia.
With bond prices declining, investors attracted to distressed debt see a potential payday in the troubled country’s lucrative assets.
The president has long talked about scrapping Nafta. Even skeptics are starting to believe him.
Hurricanes appeared to knock down payroll totals, yielding the first monthly decline in employment in seven years, though economists expect a rebound.
Political liberation has yet to translate into material gains for blacks. As one woman said, “I’ve gone from a shack to a shack.”
Except for Amazon, most major retailers have scaled back plans for hiring temporary employees during the year’s biggest shopping season, and Walmart is adding almost none.
Rising oil prices seem like a positive sign for the energy industry, but global political disruptions cloud the future.
The listing is one of the largest by a Russian company since the Kremlin drew international condemnation and sanctions by annexing Crimea in 2014.
The Federal Reserve has signaled its move this week. Investors, though, want to know whether the central bank will continue with its patient approach to rates.
The relocation of the European Medicines Agency and the European Banking Authority indicate how Britain’s impending exit from the European Union could diminish its economic clout.
Given what Trump is doing to our government, it’s a good thing he’s a very stable genius.
Officials on Tuesday said 92 percent of customers have power again on the United States Virgin Islands.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
The Knesset is considering proposals for annexing West Bank land — a step that would put Israeli security at risk in many ways.
As President Trump touts a more aggressive approach to trade, other countries are moving on with deals that do not include the United States.
Voters are getting tired of the chancellor’s opaque, uninspiring political style.
Let’s not pretend that Trump’s State of the Union performance matters.
The deal fell apart later in the day when the president and his chief of staff wanted more concessions on immigration.
No longer does the city dubbed “the swamp” by its inhabitant in chief have the starchy, insular appearance of a white male fiefdom. There’s a dynamism that, along with its fabled history, qualifies it as a great American city.
It has been endangered for some decades now, but his racist policies are hastening its demise.
Tuesday: A swan song from the governor, a tsunami watch for the coast, a billionaire’s push to impeach the president, Minnie Mouse, and two Hollywood signs.
The Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday that the debt limit will be hit a month earlier than it previously expected.
This week’s Canada letter looks at the decline in manufacturing and some remarkably clear images from the 19th century gold rushes.
Companies are announcing bonuses as a result of the tax cuts but it remains to be seen how much of that money will filter through to workers in the years to come.
A plan to charge drivers entering parts of Manhattan has upset officials from other boroughs. But transit advocates are fighting for the proposal.
The impulse to separate the economic from the political malaise risks missing the point.
Lawmakers from both parties see it as a state decision and vow to force the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, to back down.
Bad predictions of inflation are good for your career.
Americans want statesmanship, not schadenfreude.
In his first comments since the stock market plunged nearly 7 percent, Mr. Trump said the markets had overreacted to good economic news.
Roundworm eggs, shed by stray dogs, can be ingested by children playing outside. The worm’s larvae have been found in the brain, experts say, perhaps impairing development.
Iran is training thousands of militiamen in Syria and deploying drones and precision weapons. Its goal, say analysts: a united front in any war with Israel.
In a post-#MeToo world, how should journalists cover the red carpet? Here’s what we’re doing differently this year.
His success at passing tax cuts and the continued progress of the economy he inherited have not changed the dismal views that a sizable majority of Americans hold of their president.
A global tit-for-tat on trade could crimp economic growth, undermining the stimulative effects of President Trump’s deregulation push and his signature $1.5 trillion tax cut.
Conceived for an era of high gasoline prices, the F-150 has lost its fuel-efficiency selling point, while its key material has gotten costlier.
A surprise decision to exclude Florida, but not other states, from a plan to open up most of the nation’s coastline to offshore drilling raised questions about the plan’s legality.
Amid threats to divest Russian oligarchs of their valuable British assets, it’s worth noting just how hard that would be.
After years of professing fiscal discipline, Republicans are embracing budget deficits as the nation’s debt swells.
The Social Democrats will enter formal coalition talks with the chancellor’s Christian Democrats, but the party’s grass roots must approve a final deal.
Government and industry officials around the world warned of an escalating trade war, but President Trump doubled down on his vow, tweeting, “Trade wars are good, and easy to win.”
The woman long considered a de facto leader of Europe is set to remain in the chancellery for four more years. But the long-term stability of Germany is anything but certain.
A blueprint lays out steps to enhance the party’s authority over films, TV and newspapers, as well as foreign affairs and economic policy, among other areas.
The Chinese government’s move to tame an ambitious global deal maker reflects an official willingness to finally curb the country’s addiction to borrowing.
Boiled down, the philosophy is a blueprint for consolidating and strengthening power at three levels: the nation, the party and Mr. Xi himself.
The global cement giant Lafarge is facing accusations that it paid ISIS and other militant groups and put its employees at risk to preserve business in war-torn Syria.
The move by countries in Europe, as well as Australia and Canada, comes against the backdrop of rising support for protectionist practices in the White House.
This week’s Australia Letter features key takeaways from a discussion about democracy and populism with George Megalogenis and A.C. Grayling, plus what’s on Netflix in Australia this month.
The country reported higher annual growth, but implausibly smooth numbers prompt experts to look for other ways to assess the world’s No. 2 economy.
Liu He, an influential adviser to President Xi Jinping of China, pledges in a rare public appearance that Beijing will tame its debt within three years.
The choice of Yi Gang almost guarantees stability in policy as China tries to slow its rise in debt while avoiding any sharp deceleration in economic growth.
Beijing is pushing companies to sell more higher-value products, making fights over raw steel and aluminum more about China’s past than the future.
Broad levies taking direct aim at the two countries would most likely affect other trading partners of the United States, illustrating the complexity of global commerce.
This week’s newsletter asks: Where is integration working in Australia, where is it failing? What do you see in your daily life that signals where the country’s multicultural effort is heading?
Is the holiday a time when people of all backgrounds feel they belong or a day that celebrates colonization without regard for the colonized?
As a stock market plunge that began in the United States spread globally, the wild swings underscored how the American economy retains defining influence across the globe.
Jacob Zuma’s ouster as president is raising hopes of better fortunes for the nation’s moribund economy, but it will not happen easily.
The kingdom released several prominent citizens from detention and appeared to wrap up what it framed as an anticorruption campaign. Others called it a shakedown.
Saudi women have long had to content themselves with watching their favorite sports teams on television. But on Friday, women were allowed into a public stadium for the first time.
Mehmet Hakan Atilla, a Halkbank employee, was found guilty of aiding a scheme said to be approved at the highest levels of the Turkish government.
A broad feud over the country’s direction between hard-liners and moderates under President Rouhani is expanding into the environment, as water shortages loom.
The country has been gripped by a terrible drought, so a blizzard brought joy — although the relief was most likely only temporary.
President Trump used two days in Davos to assuage the worst fears about his presidency among the global elite while aggressively courting investment.
Whether a return to 19th-century-style geopolitics and great-power rivalry will help or hurt China’s global position is unclear.
There was no outright winner, but the likely result will be a government in Italy that is significantly less invested in a united Europe.
A look at the week’s developments in tech, plus a request: Which tech stories would you like to read more about?
The British firm Bell Pottinger, hired by three brothers now caught up in a nationwide corruption scandal, helped drive racial tensions to levels not felt since apartheid.
A longtime leader, the former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has allied with opposition figures he once repressed to try to get his old job back in a coming election.
Eleven countries signed a slimmed-down version of the Trans-Pacific Partnership as they try to counter Washington’s new protectionism.
Wheat farming has been the economic mainstay of Kimba, South Australia. Now, the town is bitterly split over a plan to host a medical nuclear waste site.
Voters came out in smaller numbers than the Kremlin had hoped, but the result showed that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia enjoys broad approval among the people.
HNA, burdened by debt after a global shopping spree, offers enticing returns to employees who invest back into the business.
The country’s political rivals have pledged to work together, but the people who suffered violence during their prolonged battles feel forgotten and betrayed.
Sometimes it seems as if we’re living under a constant barrage of heavy news. But it isn’t all bad out there.
The repeal of the Constitution’s presidential term limit upends the political order established after Mao, entrenching Xi Jinping and the Communist Party.
The fate of Ma Xiaohong, and the business empire she built on trade with North Korea, has become a measure of China’s willingness to confront its neighbor.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The wealth of 153 of the richest members of the National People’s Congress and its advisory body rose to $650 billion last year — just below Switzerland’s annual economic output.
Young Koreans are more focused on domestic issues, like unemployment and whether they can live as well as their parents did, than a costly and complex reunification.
Germany must end Chinese meddling in its hard-earned democracy.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The trade deficit that President Trump has often railed against hit historic highs last year.
A growing number of Chinese pharmaceutical companies are trying to break into the United States, seeking regulatory approval to offer their treatments for cancer and other ailments.
The Swedish entrepreneur practiced thrift and diligence, and he portrayed those traits as the basis for Ikea’s success.
The president, denouncing China’s trade practices, will announce a range of restrictions on Chinese imports and investment, raising concerns of a trade war.
Wu Xiaohui, one of the country’s most prominent tycoons, is almost certain to be convicted and could face life imprisonment.
Laurence Fink, the chief executive of BlackRock, the $6 trillion investment firm, plans to tell C.E.O.s in a letter that businesses must serve a social purpose.
Gamelike methods can effectively motivate workers, in the right circumstances. But as United Airlines recently showed, they can also be alienating.
Winter athletes like the cross-country skier Jessie Diggins are demanding action on climate change.
Some experts believe Germany is on the verge of refusing its own medicine on economic reform, a shift that would have major implications for Europe.
With the effects of climate change no longer theoretical, projections more dire and action lagging, some potential parents are hesitating.
Skyrocketing costs. A lawsuit with claims of misused millions of dollars. Contractors going without pay. Will taxpayers have to bail out this project?
The landmark settlement between Wells Fargo and the Fed shows regulators’ new emphasis on making board members responsible for their institutions’ conduct.
Floating villages spread across the surface of the Mekong River’s waterways, playing host to ethnic Vietnamese whose status in Cambodian society is perpetually adrift.
Mr. Pruitt may be using his position as an environmental deregulation czar to position himself to run for office in Oklahoma — or perhaps the presidency.
Without claiming a definitive link, a safety group said fatalities rose in states that legalized recreational use of cannabis. Elsewhere, they fell.
The announcement that North Korea would participate in the Games was welcomed in the South, but few believed that Mr. Kim was motivated by the Olympic spirit.
The Europeans are creating an add-on agreement that would extend the existing deal with tighter restrictions, hoping that it will satisfy President Trump.
The case of Carles Puigdemont could be a trial for Spain’s treatment of Catalan secession as a law enforcement matter, and for European cohesion.
In advanced industries like chip development, the rivals are vying for dominance in a fight that is as much about national security as economic might.
President Trump made good on his promise to honor the media’s “most corrupt & biased,” delivering his awards in a blog post.
Creating a single token requires as much electricity as two years’ worth of consumption by an average American home. Some enthusiasts believe that’s a problem.
Government officials are hoping to spur vitally needed imports like food and medicine and, perhaps, give investors a way of skirting American sanctions.
President Trump, who said he would team up with Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, offered no specifics on the plan. But what they appear to be talking about would be less than meets the eye.
President Trump said he will impose tariffs on about $60 billion worth of Chinese imports.
Fed policymakers are expected to increase the benchmark interest rate by a quarter-point and signal their view on whether the economy is overheating.
The CNBC commentator, who would replace the former Wall Street executive Gary D. Cohn, said Mr. Trump “regards himself as a free trader.”
A European Union plan would hit Silicon Valley’s technology giants especially hard, further straining relations with the United States over taxes and trade.
Having survived a slump, shale drilling is surging as prices recover, limiting market upheaval and providing Washington with strategic leeway.
As Beijing puts growing pressure on some of the country’s most ambitious companies, HNA rushes to sell assets to help pay back $90 billion in debt.
A day after markets fell more than 4 percent, Wall Street enjoyed a positive Tuesday as gains in consumer stocks helped stop a global sell-off.
The United States just started another epic borrowing binge. And if you borrow money — through a credit card, a mortgage or an auto loan — you could end up paying the price. 
U.S. stocks have ended their worst week since February 2016, as investors worried about rising interest rates after a long market boom.
Stock markets fell 2 percent Thursday, before a partial recovery. Investors are worried that the tariffs could disrupt global economic growth.
What you didn’t hear in the president’s State of the Union address. Also: The climate team taste-tests a fake burger.
A conversation with the oceanographer Sylvia Earle. Also this week: We ask automakers about climate science, and forecasters look forward to spring.
Also this week: Scientists win a $1 million prize for mapping peat. (Yes, peat.)
Five months after Hurricane Maria, businesses small and large are still grappling with a lack of electricity, worker shortages and a gutted tourism industry.
Riyadh plans to build a $300 million solar farm that would generate enough electricity to power around 40,000 homes, an example Saudi leaders hope will have positive consequences.
As global appreciation for high-quality, conscientiously sourced coffee has soared, taste pioneers like Peet's Coffee lead social change at the farm level. 
A shortage of candidates is providing opportunities to people long shunned by employers and is forcing recruiters to consider new approaches to hiring.
The finding could be good news for Republicans looking to the midterm elections, but less comfort for President Trump, who was given little credit.
Native American women are running for office in record numbers. Some are fighting pipelines. Others are fighting environmentalists.
Here’s how on issue after issue, the new secretary of state is too similar to the president.
Nearly a dozen special elections are being held in 2018 to fill vacancies left by lawmakers accused of sexual harassment or misconduct.
Nogales, Ariz., and Nogales, Mexico, are sister cities with shared history. The effect of the wall between them has been profound, but connections endure.
A tight labor market has lifted incomes. But recovering lost ground will require basic changes in economic dynamism and workers’ bargaining power.
The country, which missed out on some earlier technological shifts, is now scrambling to catch up as the world warms up to battery-powered vehicles.
A Detroit native looks homeward with ambitious plans to build a fashion center that he hopes will play a key part in the city’s economic renewal.
Has President Trump studied the Smoot-Hawley act of 1930? Or the McKinley tariff act of 1890? Maybe he should.
A provision in a Senate bill aimed at easing Dodd-Frank’s restrictions on smaller banks could pave the way for rollbacks for big banks, critics say.
The company cited the new tax law in announcing better pay and benefits, immersing itself in the partisan debate over tax policy. Then it closed 63 stores.
Rapid expansion of geothermal energy generation has helped increase electrical access in Kenya. But the country faces challenges in making electricity widely available.
Macy’s is the latest company trying to capture a piece of the lucrative Muslim clothing market, which was worth $254 billion globally in 2016.
A new company report blames a culture that focused on profitability for a falsified data scandal that has cast a shadow over Japan’s reputation for quality.
Getting companies to pay for the information they reap from people’s online lives will improve the data and may counteract a concentration of power.
Saudi officials to visit Wall Street this week, a report on Americans’ incomes and the New York auto show.
It depends on whether you look at the short, medium or long term.
Centrica reported a 17.4 percent fall in full-year operating profits, to 1.25 billion pounds.
New electrical architecture will help satisfy the demands of cars that are increasingly loaded with gadgets and will enable lower-cost hybrid drive systems.
The isotope is a cancer-detecting necessity, but it decays within days and isn’t made in North America. A company is rushing to build a plant in Wisconsin to change that.
Poultry tariffs applied by Europe more than a half-century ago may account for the expensive, gas-thirsty pickups in American driveways today.
Canadian readers tell us how they view Nafta and describe their vision of Canada’s path forward.
The government said foreign-owned, single-brand retailers would get more time to meet its requirements to sell products made by Indians.
The economy is humming and unemployment low, but many people still aren’t setting much aside for later. One program hopes to change that by offering the prospect of an extra reward.
China was mentioned only in broad terms when President Trump announced plans to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. But the world’s largest maker of steel was a major driver behind the action.
How the field is changing, and how it could help address a problem for men: The fastest-growing jobs are mostly done by women.
How Natasha Singer, a tech reporter at The Times, uses tech when she chronicles the industry’s effect on education, privacy and our health.
Mexico and Canada are expected to offer their own proposals in the Nafta talks. The government will estimate U.S. economic growth in the fourth quarter.
New “hyperscale” data centers from the tech giants, part of a wave of global development, helped lead Prineville to a path of recovery.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is trying to address rising demands for greater economic and social protections before national elections next year.
Stocks gyrated through the day, but ended on an upswing, about 1.4 percent higher. In global markets, Chinese stocks were among the biggest casualties.
The economics of the euro were as bad as expected, but it has proved politically durable.
America failed to win the war. But Saigon fell because its government failed to unite its people.
The new owner of the Trump International Hotel in Panama City wants the Trump brand gone. The president’s family business refuses. The standoff has not been pretty.
The way to answer cronyism in other countries isn’t to expand domestic cronyism.
To reverse extinction and save the planet, we must learn more about all its creatures.
Big victims: real estate, farmers, and anyone with a lot of leverage.
Markets like to look into the future, and with this latest trade policy, they don't like what they see.
Watch what he’s doing, not what he’s saying.
It’s very hard to change people’s minds, especially when so many are already committed partisans. 
The tourism authority, which lobbied against the ban, predicts visitor losses in the wake of recent restrictions.
Businesses are buying back stock to boost prices, giving dividends and pursuing mergers, not raising wages.
The search giant has been rolling out features and products to make planning and taking vacations easier.
Steven Pinker is what we need now.
The countries of East Asia may need to overcome their ethno-nationalistic resistance to immigration if they want to remain economic powerhouses.
How could South Africa’s new leadership affect your life? Please share your personal experience with The Times.
There are so many scandals in this administration that many aren’t getting the attention they deserve.
Democrats have grown too passive in taking on the Trump tax cuts.
Officials from the judiciary and law enforcement are teaming up to try to prevent voters from being misled, arguing that freedom of speech cannot come at the cost of a tainted election.
The delicacy once smothered local reefs in South Africa, but the shellfish has become more difficult to find as a result of overfishing, luring untrained divers into more deadly waters.
Last year El Salvador banned metal mining. Haiti should do the same.
Pennsylvania, China, steel and illusions. Here are his answers to some of your questions.
Picking out the watchmaker’s yacht during the Les Voiles de St. Barth won’t be hard. It’ll have a gigantic drawing of his Regatta watch on the sails.
President Michel Temer’s approval ratings have been in the single digits for months. But he says he has a legacy to defend. “It would be cowardly not to be a candidate,” he said.
It was about so much more than watching John Hughes movies and figuring out how to eat sushi.
A proposal to change the immigration system from family-based to skills-based could shrink a primary source of workers for the growing senior-care industry.
The grown-ups on the way out of Trump’s White House should tell us what they saw.
The sprawling, $1 billion showcase in Saudi Arabia was inspired by the geometries found in honeycombs and soap bubbles.
Mr. Navarro is in line for a promotion, sources close to the White House say, a sign more aggressive trade measures such as tariffs may be in store.
A bill being hammered out in Congress may provide up to $540 million for the crucial infrastructure project that President Trump had moved to defund.
Projects to fix vital rail lines shouldn’t be held hostage by the Trump administration.
Conventional wisdom says artificial intelligence will eliminate jobs. But it can also improve education and employment.
A new economy has arisen in the suburbs of Houston battered by storms: the buying and selling of flooded homes.
At a speech to farmers in Nashville on Monday, Mr. Trump claimed he had cut taxes by $5.5 trillion instead of the actual $1.5 trillion amount.
African nations are ahead of the U.S. in some respects.
An Alaskan senator wants to open millions of acres in the Tongass National Forest to road building and logging.
Companies free of competitive pressures, with the power to set prices largely at will, pad the bottom line at the expense of customers and workers.
The final Boeing 747 flight by any commercial United States airline took to the sky recently, with some tears and farewells. But a new life for the plane beckons. 
The Trump administration’s protectionist policies are prompting governments from Chile to Canada to forge closer ties with one another, and to seek more trade with China and Europe.
The Fed is likely to get a new chairman next month, but there are still two job openings just below that post. President Trump controls one. Opponents see the other as an opportunity.
Mr. Cohn, the White House’s top economic adviser, was a voice for mainstream economic policies and a key gatekeeper for corporate executives.
A trade war could slam an economy that relies heavily on exports, while limits on Australian products could test a century-old political relationship.
President Trump is a public figure like no other, and his unique — and polarizing — effect on mass psychology makes economic predictions even tougher than usual.
Democrats at the bipartisan meeting voiced support for the president’s proposal to restrict imports of steel and aluminum, while Republicans urged caution.
They may keep passengers happy, but the entertainment systems are expensive and add bulk and weight to the seats. Plus, travelers are bringing their own devices.
Though wages are growing sluggishly over all, some of the strongest increases are in blue-collar and service industries as employers vie for help.
America has a productivity problem. One explanation may be the growing use of real resources to make virtual products.
In the ’80s and ’90s, Daniel Day used Gucci’s logo without permission to create coveted “knockups.” Now, the couturier and the luxury brand have teamed up to create an appointment-only boutique.
A plan to revamp how digital revenue is taxed in Europe is expected. Dropbox is poised to go public, and tariffs on steel and aluminum will go into effect.
Beyond facilitating a $130,000 payment to silence a pornographic film actress, Donald Trump’s lawyer spent years making aggressive behind-the-scenes efforts to protect him.
Partisans and analysts are compiling data on how companies are spending their tax savings, in order to score political points and bend corporate behavior.
The employees of Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase may benefit from a new insurance scheme. But the rest of us could suffer.
Bryant Neal Vinas, a convicted terrorist, thought he would be rewarded for telling the F.B.I. everything he knew. Instead, he is living unprotected in New York.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, conscious of how much his country’s economy relies on the United States, remained calm and firm.
President Trump is finally following through on the trade crackdowns that terrify Republican leaders in Congress and many economists.
Myanmar’s civilian leader has failed “to condemn or stop the military’s brutal campaign” against the minority Rohingya population, the museum said.
More patients can be treated at home or in doctors’ offices, and that’s a good thing.
How President Trump and Mr. Kim — both volatile, thin-skinned and eager never to show weakness — will interact with each other is the great mystery of the summit meeting.
Every year, through careless management or reckless ambition, a handful of soccer clubs drift uncomfortably close to collapse. In February, Denmark’s Lyngby B.K. came closer than most.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
On five trips to battle-scarred Iraq, journalists for The New York Times scoured old Islamic State offices, gathering thousands of files abandoned by the militants as their ‘caliphate’ crumbled.
The country’s focus on reducing its debt has left small businesses facing a credit crunch, and the economy appears to be slowing.
A doctor who suggested that a popular, alcohol-based tonic was dangerous was held for nearly 100 days. He emerged as a public hero.
Beijing sees its economy as robust enough to defy U.S. tariff threats, potentially leaving Washington with no choice but to escalate or back down.
The trade measures President Trump is imposing will do little to hurt China’s growth, though they could add to Beijing’s problems down the road.
For Gazans, even a tentative experiment with nonviolent protest is a significant step.
After eight years of budget cutting, Britain is looking less like the rest of Europe and more like the United States, with a shrinking welfare state and spreading poverty.
Between the Trump administration’s steel tariffs, the reinstatement of sanctions on Iran, and political chaos, Italy is again struggling economically.
The politicians running in Lebanon’s elections on Sunday have promised to end corruption and fix poor services. Experts say that’s unlikely.
A V.I.P. screening of the Hollywood blockbuster “Black Panther” in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, marked the end of a decades-old ban on movie theaters.
The crash occurred at a time of intense diplomacy in the region, as a summit meeting between the leaders of North and South Korea approaches.
The kingdom had planned to lift its longstanding ban on women driving on June 24. It is unclear why it issued some licenses ahead of the schedule.
Donald Tusk, head of the European Council, warned leaders that there were deep divisions in the trans-Atlantic relationship as a trade war loomed.
After talks in Brussels that lasted all night, leaders agreed in principle, at least, on how to shore up their external borders and create screening centers for migrants.
Yehya Sinwar, leader of the militant group in Gaza, is preparing for what could be the climax of weeks of protests at the fence separating the Gaza Strip from Israel.
President Sergio Mattarella enraged populists, who called for his impeachment, by rejecting a cabinet minister he feared would lead Italy out of the eurozone.
Some 600 million Indians, about half the population, face high to extreme water scarcity conditions, with about 200,000 dying every year from inadequate access to safe water, says a government report.
Lessons for the Pax Americana from the Pax Romana.
What would happen if Trump really goes there?
Read the transcript for Part 2 of “Charm City,” an audio series about a Baltimore teenager known as Nook who was fatally shot by the police a year after the death of Freddie Gray. As job loss and drugs tore through Baltimore in the 1980s and 1990s, a policing idea transplanted from New York City created a generation of young men with criminal records.
Already upset over Chinese claims in the region, demonstrators were protesting economic zones that would allow long leases to foreigners. At least 100 were arrested.
In its second day, a rail strike could threaten the French president’s efforts to end lifelong job security or the rail union’s standing.
Japan’s leader is consumed by scandals just as he meets President Trump to discuss North Korea and contentious trade issues.
As President Trump weighs drawing down forces in the South, longtime Asian allies are unsettled by the prospect of giving up American protection.
President Nixon jotted down a few notes before his historic meeting with Mao Zedong in 1972. What should President Trump remember when he meets the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un?
As the United States and China drift into a trade war, Mr. Kim, a week after meeting President Trump, will have the chance to play one power against the other.
It is without modern precedent for a leader to come to China on back-to-back visits. China is trying to keep up with a flurry of diplomatic moves.
China’s foreign minister, Wang Yi, was just in Pyongyang meeting with Kim Jong-un and trying patch up relations with North Korea after years of frosty ties.
Pyongyang has depended on but also resented Beijing. Now, China appears to fear that the North may seek to counterbalance its influence by embracing America.
Viktor Orban’s campaign for another term as Hungary’s prime minister has been dominated by false news stories, dirty tricks and perceived enemies all around.
The electronics firm ZTE has found success in the American market like few other Chinese technology brands have. Now it is fighting for its life.
Gun deaths are exceptionally rare in Australia, but those that do occur are often suicides. Mass shootings usually involve family members.
The prime minister has undermined Hungarian judicial independence but never destroyed it completely. With his recent election win, that may change.
President Trump’s decision to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal is premised on the idea that the U.S. and its allies force a better deal with Iran through isolation and sanctions.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
She became one of the great mezzo-sopranos of our time through charming trouser and ingénue roles. Now, she is the ruthless matriarch of “Regina.”
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The U.S. has neglected Latin America for years, and China has rushed into the vacuum with billions in loans and investment.
The United States is Europe’s biggest trading partner, but China is closing in fast. If a trade war breaks out, neutrality may not be an option.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The latest China trade talks defused a potential trade war, and promise a boost for American agriculture and energy, but at the cost of industries of the future.
Wealthy people are often the first to ship their money to safer havens abroad. That can be a leading indicator of when a country is in trouble.
In a new book, Barack Obama’s longtime adviser Benjamin J. Rhodes recounts the former president’s reaction to the election of Donald J. Trump.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Mr. Musk is the business world’s gleeful invader, but Mr. Buffett’s mantra of investing in businesses with “moats” remains secure.
The two wireless carriers argue that a merger would benefit customers, but analysts, and our columnist, are skeptical about the deal’s chances
What recourse do residents have if their neighbors decide to rent out their homes through sites like Airbnb and VRBO?
The gap between places doing well and those that aren’t is widening, and that’s a challenge for people trying to shape national policy.
After the inter-Korean summit meeting, the crucial question remains: Is Kim Jong-un willing to abandon his atomic weapons?
A few months ago, South Koreans worried that President Trump was bringing war to the Korean Peninsula. Now many hail him as a peacemaker.
For President Moon Jae-in, North Korea’s threat to derail talks has made clear the difficulties of playing matchmaker between Kim Jong-un and President Trump.
The announcement by Kim Jong-un came less than a week before he meets with the president of South Korea.
North Korea’s leader will no longer demand that American troops leave South Korea, the South’s president said, but American officials dismissed the idea that it was a capitulation.
The agency has drafted regulations on planet-warming emissions from vehicles that would dramatically weaken Obama-era standards. 
Evangelical leaders who fought off plans for state lotteries and other gambling initiatives on moral grounds are finding fewer allies and less fervor in the pews.
The report stands in stark contrast with the time frame the United States initially demanded, on what could be a key sticking point in any nuclear summit meeting.
“It’s like a really bad marriage,” Chris Whipple, author of a history of White House chiefs of staff, said of the relationship between President Trump and his chief of staff.
The measures, targeting $50 billion worth of soybeans, cars and other goods, were the latest move in the countries’ escalating trade confrontation.
Some think the technology that was introduced with Bitcoin has enormous potential. That has a number of countries looking to influence its future.
The internal analysis, from the Council of Economic Advisers, echoes warnings from Wall Street and academic economists over the president’s trade agenda.
When it’s easier to comparison shop online, businesses are less likely to raise prices — but you wouldn’t know that by looking at official inflation data.
While saying President Trump is right about China’s offenses, trade experts feel his response is unlikely to work. They favor a multilateral approach.
The government’s action would allow oil and gas exploration to continue in areas where permits have already been issued.
The government of Saudi Arabia, trying to diversify its economy and open up its society, called in the SCL Group, a secretive consulting firm, to help plot the kingdom’s reform plans.
The president’s remarks came with gasoline prices at their highest point in three years after an effort by the oil cartel and Russia to restrain output.
Saudi Arabia and Russia may offset any reduction in Iranian exports, but if prices rise, one of the beneficiaries could be Iran itself.
The three-year deal is an expansion of the Saudi national oil company’s efforts to produce more natural gas to support its growing chemical industry.
The move seeks to stabilize the country’s currency, the peso, after a strong depreciation in recent days raised questions about the prospects for President Mauricio Macri’s ambitious agenda.
Investors appear to be struggling to anticipate the outcome of a tit-for-tat tariff exchange between the world’s two largest economies. Remarks by the Fed chairman indicated that the investors aren’t alone.
The first quarter saw a 21 percent jump in investments in real estate, equipment and factories, in addition to setting a high-water mark for stock repurchases.
The stock market continued to plunge Monday, as investors were unnerved by the unpredictable White House. Stocks are now down 4 percent this year.
The bond market’s yield curve is perilously close to predicting a recession — something it has done with surprising accuracy — and it’s become a big topic on Wall Street.
Tech shares were especially hard hit on concerns that the Trump administration would restrict Chinese investment in American technology firms.
Even as the U.S. and China imposed tariffs on each other, the stock market yawned — the latest example of investors dismissing political turmoil.
Investors are worried that worsening relations between the world’s two biggest economies will affect global growth.
The party and allied groups are spending more than $4 million on a handful of chaotic congressional races that are critical to Democrats’ strategy to win the House in November.
With the president’s approval rating at 90 percent among Republicans, many supporters say they defend Mr. Trump even with some misgivings because they feel criticism of him is constantly overblown.
During a lunch on Tuesday, President Trump avoided controversial topics and instead talked about his own accomplishments and his optimism for the Republican Party in the fall midterm elections.
As the kingdom prepares for its next evolution, Saudi Aramco is central. But a planned public listing leaves the company, and the country, at risk.
They moved quickly to strike deals after sanctions ended. But dreams of a thriving Iranian market were in doubt even before the U.S. decided to exit the nuclear accord.
The prospect of an American withdrawal from the Iran nuclear accord led to concerns about new sanctions that could further curtail global supplies.
With unemployment low and wages creeping up, companies have an incentive to become more efficient — an exercise that tends to drive economic progress.
In his inaugural speech, the new Fed chairman tried to focus on the strength of the economy even as a spiraling tariff battle with China spooked investors.
The walkouts are the latest surge of a protest movement that has already swept through West Virginia, Oklahoma and Kentucky.
Thousands of Puerto Ricans protested in a general strike on Tuesday as the island struggles to recover from Hurricane Maria.
On Thursday, buyers were looking for works fresh to the market from long-term collections, rather than resales.
Amazon has surprised officials in cities vying for the company’s new headquarters by asking how to avoid soaring housing costs and paralyzing traffic.
How a small but influential group of black gallerists is correcting history.
Firelei Báez’s latest body of work is motivated by the Schomburg Center’s archives of such famous figures as Zora Neale Hurston and Maya Angelou.
As Venezuela falls further into crisis, a generation of young people remains committed to pursuing their passions in Caracas.
Given the headlines, it would easy to think the retail industry is dying, but it has a long history of successful reinvention.
And other questions about the Trump administration’s tariffs on China and beyond 
Both Google and Microsoft will hold developers’ conferences, and the Bank of England may hold off on a rate increase as its economy slows.
Accelerating growth has given the administration more leverage over trading partners. But economists warn of potential headwinds beyond this year.
The company said it would cooperate with “relevant authorities” over practices that cast a shadow over the country’s vaunted manufacturing abilities.
The White House is eyeing tariffs on luxury imports such as perfume, handbags and wine. It might be drawing the wrong lesson from past trade fights.
Mr. Pearlstine, a veteran of Time Inc., Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal, was appointed by Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, who took ownership of the paper on Monday.
In addition, Starbucks will close its stores for an afternoon of anti-bias training, and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will head to China for trade talks.
Marijuana sales are now legal in 30 states. But the federal government has not made it easy for the owners of those businesses to pay their taxes.
Rich and technologically advanced, the United States continues to accept a degree of dysfunction that would be intolerable in any other rich society.
The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates, and the European Central Bank will discuss tapering its stimulus. The U.S. will release its list of tariffs on Chinese goods.
Tesla is most likely to face tough questions at its annual shareholder meeting, and new data is expected on people who work in the gig economy.
Investors are looking for evidence that the White House economic adviser or Federal Reserve chairman can act as an insurance policy against a trade war.
What used to be an adolescent rite of passage is now an opportunity for foreign workers — and a challenge for employers who can’t find enough help.
It depends on whether you look at the level, the direction or the rate of change — three concepts that are often conflated.
A look at industrial centers of the North and the East over decades of decline finds that investments, geography and sheer serendipity make a difference.
Behind-the-scenes talks could preserve some rules targeted by the Environmental Protection Agency for elimination.
The Fed will release results of a second round of stress tests on major banks, and Commerce Department numbers will show whether tariffs are having an impact on the cost of consumer goods.
A stronger economy makes it more likely that graduates will be able to find jobs and meet their loan payments, but there are reasons to be cautious.
The conviction and sentencing of the former C.E.O. of Anglo Irish Bank adds one more member to an exclusive but disgraced list.
The court said the company, Pimlico Plumbers, exerted enough control in the case for a plumber to be considered a worker, granting him expanded rights.
The government’s plan to make Belgrade a playground for the rich involves foreign money and evicting residents with what critics call strong-arm tactics.
A little-publicized amendment in the new tax law shows the growing political clout of American spirits producers, particularly the smaller ones.
Switching from a white-collar position to learning a trade is a path that is getting more traction these days.
Bonds lost value along with stocks in the first quarter. But holding them still makes sense for many people.
Legislation introduced last month to better hold financial executives accountable for misconduct probably won’t result in a wave of prosecutions.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is in a tough spot as he tries to salvage Canada’s most important trading relationship.
The low unemployment rate doesn’t tell the whole story about the state of the labor market.
Also, a public comment period on proposed tariffs on Chinese imports ends, and Disney tries to kick a Memorial Day slump with a new “Star Wars” movie.
In response to new sales tax rules, the company will redirect users in Australia from amazon.com to amazon.com.au. Some fear they will see less choice and higher prices.
In her new book, Professor Priya Satia aims to overturn the conventional wisdom about the role of guns in the world’s economic development.
As big airlines face a wave of retirements, a fresh batch of fliers gets a chance, and the training, to seize the opportunity. 
The chief executive of 23andMe on paternity testing, A-Rod and Facebook.
The president’s rhetoric suggests he’s moving America toward a trade war with China. But what will he actually do?
The mythical nation featured in “Black Panther” was long a mystery, but readers knew what they’d want to see on a vacation there. Artists have their own visions.
Many critics of Australia’s live animal trade said the deaths of more than 2,400 animals were not likely to result in regulation of the industry.
He has been president for more than a year — so why is he still holding rallies?
The new Congressional Budget Office analysis, which includes the cost of the Republican tax cuts, projects the national debt to reach a level economists say could court a crisis.
The International shipping industry is a major emitter of greenhouse gases but has been slow to address the problem.
The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, still projects power, but back home in Wisconsin, he is facing political challengers from both the right and the left.
Spurred by lobbyists, the E.P.A. administrator moves to relax or kill a mileage mandate and undo a crucial tool for combating global warming.
A proposal to allow recruits to the country’s armed forces to avoid staying in barracks during basic training drew scorn from veterans and military experts.
The budget numbers of the past four decades reveal a clear pattern. But many journalists and experts are afraid to acknowledge it.
The country will get to brag about a globally recognized landmark by a top architect.
The danger illustrates the unforeseen consequences of impetuous American actions.
The Gipper advocated “trust but verify.” The Donald believes in “my touch, my feel.”
Armenia’s discredited ruling elite has stopped the leader of a popular opposition movement from coming to power.
In “Sharp: The Women Who Made an Art of Having an Opinion,” Michelle Dean considers 10 writers whose formidable talents earned them respect and enmity.
Following in the footsteps of John Muir — and millions of modern cruise ship passengers — one marine ferry at a time.
With other countries raising tariffs to American products and signing trade deals without the United States, the American cheesemaker is increasingly standing alone.
The outdoor retailer has supported grass-roots environmental activists for decades. Now it is suing the president in a bid to protect Bears Ears National Monument.
Mark Zuckerberg told Congress that the social network would empower its users to control their own data. There’s just one problem: human behavior.
State and local incentives to land new offices and factories rarely pay off. But they are one of the few tools for redeveloping old industrial cities.
After a quarter-century of steady growth on education spending, a shock to the system. 
With unemployment below 4 percent for the first time since 2000, the recovery’s duration is remarkable, but lagging pay remains a riddle.
With 164,000 jobs added in April, it was the 91st consecutive month of gains, far and away the longest streak of increases on record.
Corporate earnings have been rising at a torrid rate. While share prices haven’t followed, stock values are improving, our columnist says.
Getting the most out of these programs can be tricky. Here’s a basic rundown of some of the more popular ones and what you can expect from them.
Lead pollution embedded in a Greenland glacier recorded peak periods of wealth as well as crises, like the Cyprian plague.
In Alaska, car thefts are rising, and people are chasing crooks on their own. “Anybody can do this,” says Floyd Hall, who has become something of a legend in Anchorage.
The E.P.A. administrator’s appalling environmental policies aside, his unethical and bullying behavior has sullied his agency and demoralized its employees.
On energy, Trump and company are trying to stop technological progress.
In many countries, unemployment is down, wages are up and inflation is almost zero. But leaders face unusually low approval ratings.
The two Republican presidents are a study in contrasts, each with a profound effect on our country.
In a sign of high expectations for “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” the producers and theater owners spent lavishly, even paying Cirque du Soleil to clear out of the space.
We unearthed thousands of internal documents that help explain how the Islamic State stayed in power so long.
As rural areas shrink, they are turning to politicians who promise to restore the stature of “common people.”
A fence that divides Israel and Gaza has become the latest flashpoint in the decades-old conflict, with Israeli soldiers unleashing lethal force against mostly unarmed Arab protesters.
The estimated toll climbs above 4,600, and “most of these deaths were preventable.”
The economy is in a sweet spot, with steady growth and broad improvement in the labor market. 
After the ruling, expect even more mergers.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Political vengeance is no substitute for smart antitrust enforcement.
After the government agreed to subsidize fuel costs to end a truckers’ strike, the head of Petrobras quit, signaling disagreement with the decision.
Employers have learned that they can’t cut wages, so maybe that’s why they won’t give raises now
The Kremlin would be delighted by barriers to all things Western.
Monday: A 95-unit affordable housing complex receives 6,580 applicants, Devin Nunes escalates his demands, and a set of first-generation twins graduate from U.C. Berkeley.
Inspired by Silicon Valley’s hyper-growth, companies elsewhere are burning cash in hopes of being the next big thing.
Sunday’s vote giving Nicolás Maduro another term was flawed by low turnout and rampant corruption. Venezuela’s Latin neighbors must unite to isolate and force him from office.
Across America, a Times reporter found, people aren’t just willing to talk about their struggles — they seem to need to share their experiences.
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan must do more to rein in the president’s abuse of power on tariffs.
A strong economy gives us an opportunity to repair the social fabric.
The regulatory rollback by Republicans moved forward as lawmakers also inched closer to a bipartisan agreement to alter portions of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act.
Iran didn’t honor its end of the bargain and neither need the United States now.
Here’s how the E.U. can stand up to the American president and save the Iran deal.
Wednesday: Candidates talk taxes, Trump and sex; George Deukmejian dies; and readers weigh in on what it’s like to live in the world’s fifth-largest economy.
More than it will hurt the government, Trump’s decision to abandon the nuclear deal will damage political activism and peaceful movements for change.
We should encourage all Venezuelans — including soldiers — to restore their country’s democracy.
Stuart Eizenstat thinks so, and he lays out his argument in this admiring but frank appraisal, “President Carter: The White House Years.”
The Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, has managed to stay in President Trump’s good graces while advocating a more free-trade approach, but that balancing act is showing signs of strain.
Some readers and experts have responded to a recent article by pointing out that the 1980s increase in U.S. health costs coincided with a broad push toward deregulation. 
The cruel practice of separating families at the border started under President Trump. But his fellow Republicans paved the way.
Diego Ibarra Sánchez hopes his project, “Limbo: Lives in Exile,” will convey the unceasing urgency of the Syrian refugee crisis.
The art collective Alterazioni Video has spent over a decade documenting, and championing, Italy’s many unfinished construction projects.
Affluent parents who wield connections and resources to get their way can wreak havoc on schools.
Why whales got so big, and what that tells us about evolution.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
For a few fleeting moments earlier this year, it seemed as if the red carpet had magically changed course.
Australia’s cultural and creative heart is a tech boomtown. Here’s why the world should take notice.
The nation’s reds rival pricier French bottles, and exports from a small number of vineyards are starting to trickle into the U.S.
There are some traditions that are universal. Here, we highlight a single craft — and how it’s being adapted, rethought and remade for the 21st century.
Bailouts of bankers, shareholders and investors helped set them off on a rebound that Americans who rely on savings or income from their weekly paycheck have yet to see.
Pogba left Manchester United at the end of last season as a midfielder of lavish talent but mercurial effect. He returned as a World Cup winner. But did anything really change?
Pollen frozen in ice in the Alps traces Europe’s calamities, since the time Macbeth ruled Scotland. 
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
The newest jobs numbers are expected to show healthy gains, and Detroit automakers will report sales for August.
As participants shift their focus to creating happiness rather than products, the festival approaches design with a nod toward “well-being.”
Ask after a “win.” Know what you want. And have a backup plan.
Hun Sen, the longtime prime minister, worked hard to control the election, even as he flouts the rules of democracy.
How YouTube family vlogs are remaking childhood itself to fit the algorithm. Episode 7 of our video series.
A 6.7 percent expansion rate comes amid signs that Beijing’s efforts to tame debt, the trade dispute with the U.S. and other problems are taking a toll.
European countries, considering how to handle a disruptive American president at the military alliance’s summit meeting, are caught between dependency and outrage.
Tariffs and other barriers will be the subject of forthcoming talks between the U.S. and the European Union. But the gun is still loaded, if pointed at the ground.
Leaders of opposition parties, who accused Mr. Erdogan of taking an authoritarian turn, refused to stand as the president of Turkey took his oath before Parliament.
Whether grand strategy or mere moment-to-moment impulse, President Trump’s brash treatment of European allies may do long-term damage.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan appears to be going down the same ill-fated path that was taken by the failed authoritarian leaders of Venezuela and Zimbabwe.
Pakistan has long been associated with terrorism and dysfunction. Mr. Khan, the presumed new leader, could alter the narrative.
Giuseppe Conte’s decision to continue pursuing a teaching position at a Rome university was only the latest episode in a bumpy few weeks for the governing coalition.
The new prime minister will have to overcome deep political divisions to pursue economic reforms as the country’s debt payments come due.
Andrés Manuel López Obrador won the presidency with vows to end Mexico’s culture of corruption and battle its high poverty and yawning inequality.
If the Senate’s moderate Republican women really want to send a message about women’s health, they can do better than a Supreme Court justice vote.
Let us count the ways.
Economists of many stripes say tariffs invite retaliation. Unilaterally lowering trade barriers would be a better approach, some say.
A hefty rise in payrolls last month points to an economy strong enough to draw people back into the labor force. Over all, 213,000 jobs were added.
Did you stay up to date this week?
Proposals for dealing with the impact of automation have been developed in the West, and may not translate effectively to poorer countries.
Investors were skeptical over the smartphone maker’s plans. Bigger offerings in coming months could show whether broader concerns were also a factor.
New York City financed the creation or preservation of 32,000 units of affordable housing last year, officials said, outstripping even totals seen under Mayor Ed Koch.
The ruling was the first time a court held the government financially culpable in a 2014 ferry sinking that killed 304 people, South Korea’s worst catastrophe in decades.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Zero Hour, the nationwide coalition behind Saturday’s youth marches in Washington and other cities, is hoping to inspire young people to step up and demand change.
Attracted by lax regulations, industrial agriculture has descended on a remote valley, depleting its aquifer — leaving many residents with no water at all.
An Ohio plant owner and his blue-collar workers alike voice support for President Trump’s tactics in the trade fight, even if it means sacrifice.
As Asian nations move away from the United States and its trade war with China, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce warned of fallout for American firms.
Government officials and business leaders say that homogeneity is limiting options in a state with an aging work force and stagnant population growth.
James Walvin’s “Sugar: The World Corrupted: From Slavery to Obesity” describes the problems with an all-too-familiar commodity.
Labor’s share of the pie is still crumbs. Is there a way for workers to regain some control over their lives?
United States Steel Corporation, which owns a plant in Granite City, Ill., credits President Trump’s tariffs with enabling it to start up two idled blast furnaces.
Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta, with a flush campaign fund and a raft of challengers, is likely to be re-elected, in part because violence could keep people from the polls.
Russia and China blocked an American request for disciplinary action to stop what the United States called illegal oil sales to North Korea.
A human rights group found that more than 40 million people worldwide are trapped in forced labor and sexual exploitation.
With the Scottish Open followed by the British Open, the golfing world turns its attention to links courses.
A recent City of Austin report identifying sites that honor Confederates also highlighted that the city itself was named for a man who fought efforts to abolish slavery.
The Treasury secretary floats a plan to hand $100 billion in capital gains tax savings to his moneyed friends. It’s almost certainly illegal. 
Readers respond to columns by Bret Stephens and David Leonhardt imagining the outcome of the next presidential election.
The president called himself “the most popular person in the history of the Republican Party” — a debunked claim — and took shots at his usual list of piñatas, boogeymen and political targets.
The New York City Council considers a package of bills to freeze the number of Uber-type cars on city streets. But that’s at best a partial answer to a systemic crisis. 
The death of a son of immigrants in Nantes set off a grim replay of images: burned-out cars, smashed bus shelters and shattered store fronts.
Turnout was high. Fears of fraud remain, but the violence and intimidation that marred previous campaigns have not returned.
Japan has spent decades building a facility to turn nuclear waste into nuclear fuel, but neighbors fear it has other plans for its plutonium.
In its stunning run to the soccer tournament final, the Croatian team has lifted a nation long troubled by economic stagnation and political deadlock.
Beijing’s retaliatory tariffs make American soy pricier. But the country’s huge demand for oil and animal feed makes it tough to stop importing overnight.
When the American ambassador encouraged Cameroon’s president, in office for 36 years, to think about his “legacy,” an uproar ensued over alleged interference from a foreign power.
Historical pictures underscore how summit meetings like the one between Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin in Helsinki have proved to be momentous occasions.
How much economic damage will global warming cause? It’s a tough calculation, and the answer, to a big extent, determines how easily the government can roll back environmental rules.
A pastor is resurrecting the Poor People’s Campaign, a movement started by Martin Luther King Jr. He sees the climate and environment as issues on par with poverty and racism.
Forty years ago, the Comme des Garçons designer began creating subversive, gender-bending clothes for men at a time when no one else was. She still is.
A policy analyst says they are “proud economic progressives.”
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Monday’s ruling declaring that the state’s congressional district map is unconstitutional has left candidates struggling to understand what comes next.
Surrey has long attracted affluent buyers with good schools, an easy commute to London and rural beauty. But recently the housing market has taken a hit.
North Korea’s leader wants to be a great economic reformer. Encouraging him is the best way forward on denuclearization.
President Maduro needs to go, but an American-backed coup is not the answer. 
The G.O.P. crowd who accepted the devil’s bargain is huge.
Why the slump went on so much longer than it should have.
Why is the administration so reluctant to block Tehran’s most dangerous regional gambit?
A nearly century-old bookstore in Germany is staying afloat by joining forces with the butcher, the baker … no word yet from the candlestick maker.
The country has unique challenges, but other emerging markets where big borrowing fueled rapid growth and strong returns could feel the pinch of a stronger dollar.
Turks are handling the economic crisis with ambivalence and humor. 
The country declared a day of national mourning as it struggled to come to terms with a tragedy that critics say could have been avoided.
Amid an economic slowdown and the trade war with the U.S., many Chinese consumers are cutting back. That could be bad news for the global economy.
Jerome H. Powell, the Federal Reserve chairman, says the central bank is moving carefully and is prepared to shift gears depending on economic data.
Ben Bernanke, Hank Paulson and Tim Geithner rescued the country from disaster, but their success had an unexpected price.
By pledging to cut its emissions in half by midcentury, China would propel itself into a world-leading role in the fight against global warming.
It’s HBO versus Netflix at the Emmys. Mario Draghi discusses eurozone banking supervision, and the Eni and Royal Dutch Shell corruption trial continues. 
Also this week, a Census Bureau report will give a snapshot of median household income, a climate summit is set for San Francisco and the European Central Bank meets.
Of late, Western democracy has concentrated rather than spread wealth, suggesting it serves injustice. But it is stubborn and adaptable.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
In the United States, pharmaceutical companies have built a system which supports high costs for H.I.V. drugs. But that may be starting to change.
Sometimes it seems as if we’re living under a constant barrage of heavy news. But it isn’t all bad out there.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Macroeconomics is better than you think, microeconomics worse, and data are limited
Political and technological disruption have fed off each other since the nation’s founding. Now they are dangerously out of whack. 
While President Xi Jinping remains firmly in charge, friction with the Trump administration and troubles at home have dented his political dominance.
Corporate boards could authorize companies to purchase $1 trillion of their own stock this year.
Beyond the technobabble and libertarian derp, what problem does this stuff solve?
Facebook’s earnings report sent tech stocks cratering. But don’t let that fool you: Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft are still on their way to dominating the future.
Administration officials contend that their plan to scrap Obama-era standards will save thousands of lives. We looked at their arguments.
A drone attack that failed to kill President Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela unfolded on live TV and in front of many witnesses: “It was like, bang, I had never heard a sound like that in my life.”
Pioneer, an experimental fund, is using the Silicon Valley model to find and nurture people who have talent but lack opportunity.
The City Council voted on Wednesday to cap Uber vehicles and other ride-hail services.
While American companies and consumers are paying the price for tariffs, China protects its factories and investors.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Being a huge nerd in Denmark.
Can a city known as a media, film and television capital also become a hub for creating video games? Tax subsidies would help.
The state’s rebuttal lays out a road map to California’s legal strategy against the federal government in coming months and years.
The comedian will play the boss of a Kansas City crime family in 1950.
Facing slowing sales, Samsung will introduce a new version of its Galaxy Note phone, and consumer prices are expected to edge up.
He wants to freeze fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards, thwarting progress on climate change.
The world came close to a solution for climate change 30 years ago but it dropped the ball.
Hua Qu is fighting to save her husband — one of at least seven U.S. captives in the Islamic Republic being used as pawns in a nearly 40-year secret history of hostage taking.
Long awash in money, the country’s start-up scene has seen an unprecedented downturn. That could be a bad sign for the rest of the Chinese economy.
The United States government once invested mightily to build the modern world. Now it has abdicated that role to a foreign rival.
Educators fear that the changes, which the Trump administration devised to curb intellectual property theft, will hinder innovation, intensify anti-Chinese aggressions and deter talented applicants.
Can vintage and salvage sellers bridge an economic divide?
Some critics say the National Energy Guarantee, which is meant to curb emissions while stabilizing the energy market, does not do enough to fight climate change.
The president holds chummy meetings with Vladimir Putin, while his administration imposes new sanctions.
In a city where power, gender and technology converge, artists ask hard questions about diversity.
Both North Korea and South Korea want to start the process toward a peace treaty in the decades-long war, but Washington is standing in the way.
Modern economies alternate between booms and recessions for reasons that are imperfectly understood and generally outside a president’s control.
Both presidents have had trouble turning better times into higher approval ratings. But this time the challenge is in the hands of a salesman.
All of the weddings right here on one handy page for you.
Thousands of Venezuelans fleeing insecurity at home are pouring into Ecuador every day, prompting a state of emergency there.
The April election will be a rematch of the contentious 2014 race, and some analysts expect more smear campaigns and appeals to sectarian sentiment.
A housing report may show weakness in the real estate market, and investors will be looking at the strength of Walmart’s online efforts. 
The article is a notable rebuke by a family member to Mr. Miller, who is one of the most fervent public defenders of President Trump’s immigration policies.
The chief executive of the world’s largest fund manager warned that a sustained trade war could cause markets to tumble.
Uncertainty around trade poses a threat to economic growth, and we should not underestimate the risks.
Though Senator Dianne Feinstein trounced Kevin de León in a primary, they will still face off in November, after party leaders endorsed Mr. de León, reflecting the power of liberal activists.
The tariffs in effect will take a modest bite from most American consumers; the risk is greater for the producers.
At least 136 politicians have been assassinated in Mexico since last fall. “You have to be a little crazy to run for office here,” a party official said.
Across the region, voters have ousted governing parties as a growing middle class demands more of its leaders.
Even as local papers struggle financially and sometimes make editorial decisions that alienate readers, many still have deep ties with their communities. 
The new president established an almost religious bond with the Mexican people, which will prompt a new epoch.
Sunday’s vote will be a referendum on rampant violence and corruption in hopes that new leadership can guide the nation out of its frustrating stasis.
No end of cash and effort is spent trying to divine Americans’ emotional state. On social media, though, you can practically swim in it.
The view from Canadian cottages is often of Americans. Is Canadian patriotism coming back?
In what had been billed as the “body-bag summit,” because of the potential for mass resignations, the prime minister summoned her warring cabinet to a showdown.
Studies keep drawing the conclusion that people like cheap wines best and should not trust experts. But the findings say more about fears than tastes.
What this year’s tournament taught us about the upending of the global order and the conflicts between nationalism and globalization.
The action asked the International Court of Justice to declare that the sanctions reimposed on May 8 should be terminated “without delay.”
Each week during the school year we take Times travel coverage, news reporting, photojournalism and videos, and use them to make a short quiz about a different country.
Did you stay up to date this week?
A group of six unions representing 38,000 Disney employees in Florida has reached an agreement with the company to raise the minimum starting wage.
Over three decades, the photographer has covered major events, natural disasters and the struggle against governmental abuses. Now he is in jail in Bangladesh. 
This silent majority will no longer stand by as the Trump administration tries to destroy a century of bipartisan love of the land. 
Nine actors talk about how their accents — and culture — helped and hindered them as they forged screen careers.
The fate of the world economy depends on how China negotiates a weakening currency and capital flight.
Readers discuss how and if perceptions change based on political party and which president is in power.
The head of the American Trucking Associations and two truck-safety advocates discuss an editorial on “the plight of long-distance truck drivers.”
Centuries of colonization nearly erased the taste of the Pacific. Now, a new generation is reimagining the regional food for a new era.
North Korea’s leader is lashing out against economic missteps as he turns his attention to building prosperity. But he needs American cooperation.
In “Winners Take All,” Anand Giridharadas explores a global elite that bemoans the state of the world while refusing to seek real, structural change.
Britain hopes that preparing to leave the European Union without an agreement will strengthen its negotiating hand. But its findings show millions of Britons would suffer.
By one measure, stocks crossed a major threshold on Wednesday. But the financial gains of the nearly decade-long run have been concentrated among the already wealthy.
If this be socialism, make the most of it.
President Trump tosses a tangled lifeline to the declining coal industry. It will lead to more deaths, it won’t help workers and it will make global warming worse. 
Timothy D. Cook of Apple, Ginni Rometty of IBM and dozens of other C.E.O.s said new guidelines and practices were hindering skilled foreign workers and harmful to economic growth.
I’m glad “Crazy Rich Asians” is a hit, but I’m waiting for the day when it’s just another romantic comedy.
From inflatable kayaks to fitness trackers, the Trump administration’s proposal to tax another $200 billion worth of Chinese goods would ultimately hit everyday consumer products. 
A dozen artistic responses to one of the greatest threats of our time. 
Readers discuss a plan to ease regulations for coal plants and how global warming is bad for business. 
One of the two pillars of the West is in jeopardy.
The Trump administration’s proposed 25 percent import duty on artworks that originated in China has alarmed museums, collectors and dealers.
Fewer people in industrialized countries are getting adequate sleep.
From scoring the best seat assignment to zipping past security lines: how to make air travel more tolerable.
President Trump, fresh from a confrontational NATO trip, visited Britain, where he criticized Prime Minister Theresa May in a published interview.
A child’s chance of survival shouldn’t hinge on where he or she is born.
When it comes to Bitcoin and the like, government oversight should be a feature, not a bug.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Democrats and Republicans alike believe that when Georgia chooses between Stacey Abrams and Brian Kemp, they will be signaling what the Deep South powerhouse stands for.
Which American cities are the most energy efficient?
The French have soured on their wunderkind president. He’s aloof and tone-deaf, it’s said. What else is new?
The Mayor’s Office for International Affairs cites some of the benefits.
Thursday: An interview with the lieutenant governor, a second crack in the Salesforce Transit Center, and the Parisian love affair with Los Angeles.
The letters, which went out last month, are the latest sign of acrimony between Mr. Trump and American allies as he heads to a NATO summit meeting next week in Brussels.
Federal Reserve officials upgraded their already high marks for their economy, issuing a statement that keeps them on track to raise rates next month and in December.
The Trump administration is prepared to release text of its trade agreement with Mexico, throwing the future of the trilateral Nafta pact into uncertainty.
High-level meetings, powerful lobbying firms and a charm offensive were unable to get regulators to approve a deal with SkyBridge Capital, Anthony Scaramucci’s firm.
In China, Europe and the U.S., stock indexes rose slightly, after President Trump imposed new tariffs on China and China retaliated with its own tariffs.
In this week's newsletter, we've got a bit about everyone's favorite summer pest, and about Trump’s plan to freeze standards on automobile pollution.
President Trump claimed that coal was “indestructible,” that West Virginia had one of the strongest state economies and that the U.S. was the “cleanest country in the planet.” None of that was true. 
The president, in a speech in Illinois, escalated his misguided notion that a trade deficit means “lost” wealth into a claim an expert says “defies the most basic of economics.” 
While signing the annual funding bill, President Trump inaccurately claimed that the amount was “historic” and the military had “never” previously received funding. 
Addressing the world body’s annual General Assembly meeting on Tuesday, President Trump made inaccurate claims about his own record, the Islamic State, the war in Yemen, reactions to the Iran nuclear deal and the trade deficit. 
Women already control the governor’s office in Oregon and more top state legislative posts than in any other state, and now have track records to defend at the ballot box.
Center-right and center-left blocs were neck and neck after elections, although neither can command a majority in Parliament. The anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats were running third.
How a grassroots movement was born from educators working to find out why their schools are so poorly funded.
Some delegates to a climate change conference in Thailand lament the shortfall in a United Nations program meant to help poor countries.
Educators across the country are taking second jobs to make a living.
In an interview, Mr. Ma said it was “the beginning of an era” for him and that he planned to focus on philanthropy in education.
The European Union, which has emerged as the world’s toughest overseer of technology, said the deal did not pose any threat to competition.
If it persists, a steady uptick in prices could complicate Beijing’s effort to support economic growth and contend with the trade war with the United States.
Officials said India rebuffed Pakistan’s outreach, which was driven by anxiety over its isolation and flagging economy.
Thoughts from Times judges on our ninth annual contest, and a winning essay from Byron Zhang.
At least 87 corpses were counted during aerial surveys over the past few months, all with their tusks hacked off.
Ms. Raimondo, the Democratic incumbent, defeated Matt Brown, who tried to depict her as overly close to moneyed interests. But she is considered vulnerable in the fall.
Dan Rasmussen, founding partner of Verdad Capital, makes a case against private equity, venture capital and private real estate, and he has data to back it up.
The start-up asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its rules on whom private companies can award equity to.
After the 2000 dot-com crash and the Sept. 11 attacks, it seemed as if the era of cocky young Silicon Valley techies minting easy millions was over for good. Ha.
The government’s failure to improve the economy and the lives of young people has led to a flood of protests. 
Despairing over corruption and violence, Brazilians appear ready to give up their hard-won democracy for a president who can provide stability.
Saudi Oil Minister Khalid al-Falih and his Russian Counterpart, Alexander Novak, are the petroleum industry’s most buzzed about duo. Here’s why.
Since President Trump announced that he would pull out of the Iran nuclear deal, European leaders are actively working to help Tehran get around new sanctions.
How A.I. and Automation Will Drive the Next Great Rail Age
The country needs to find ways to share prosperity with workers.
In August, Australia blocked Huawei from building the country’s 5G network. Why the company says the ban should be reversed.
The case, involving the president’s choice for a top post at the Department of Homeland Security, is the latest to shed light on foreign influence on American politics and government.
For Uber drivers, the workplace can feel like a world of constant surveillance, automated manipulation and threats of ‘deactivation.’ 
Gianluca De Bartolo traveled to a mountain village in southern Italy to document how the town celebrates its patron saint with an arboreal wedding.
While President Trump hailed a “brand new deal,” some Canadian readers say they felt bullied into a trade agreement.
Kawauchi, the Boston Marathon winner, is known as Citizen Runner and combines racing with a government job. He is about to compete in his ninth marathon of the year. Most top runners do two.
The columnist Cyril Almeida is the latest to come under withering official pressure, and the new Pakistani government may be positioned to attack advertising as well.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
At her party conference, Mrs. May relived earlier public relations failures and won over her audience. But the big fight over Brexit is looming.
A year ago, many in Brazil regarded Representative Jair Bolsonaro’s presidential bid as fanciful. He has defied the country’s laws of political gravity.
The American economy added 134,000 jobs in September, the Labor Department said, and unemployment fell to 3.7 percent.
Paige Williams tells a panoramic story that has, at its center, a man who tried to sell a stolen Tyrannosaurus skeleton from Mongolia.
How does one’s sense of community impact the decision to vote? Why do you think this is?
The Italian government has defied eurozone rules with a lavish spending plan and squandered credibility with bond investors. The turmoil could rock the globe.
The move is a significant reversal for the president. A new agency will provide $60 billion in financing aimed at blocking Beijing’s ambitions.
“Golden Handcuffs: The Secret History of Trump’s Women” traces how the president’s consequence-free (so far) comments about women continue a running theme that started early in his life.
Fed up with corruption and violence, Brazilians tilted toward the far-right candidate and his promise of an iron fist. He will face Fernando Haddad of the Workers’ Party.
Billie Sutton is running for governor of South Dakota as a conservative Democrat with cowboy cred and a stirring life story.
The average age of the Broadway theatergoer last season was 40.6 — the lowest since 2000, the Broadway League says, and 15 percent of theatergoers were under 18.
Plunging corporate tax revenues from the Trump tax cuts helped push the annual deficit to $779 billion. It is on track to reach $1 trillion by 2020.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
It was a technological wonder — until the retail landscape changed and new innovation, and greedy owners, arrived.
I know it’s incorrect to think of race-conscious admissions policies as helping just the lucky few. 
Democrats are largely ducking the topic on the campaign trail, but few people in Washington doubt that it will be on the table if they win the House.
Major transformations can happen in a generation. But not without government help.
Sears went bankrupt under the financier’s leadership. For the first time since the bankruptcy, Mr. Lampert speaks publicly about how he got it wrong.
Faced with the reality of a limited budget and soaring crime, Andrés Manuel López Obrador is scaling back campaign commitments — even before taking office.
How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?
The Vermont Democrat is the first transgender person to be nominated for governor. She’s facing a Republican incumbent whose popularity has tumbled recently.
As the city of Palu mourns the dead from an earthquake and tsunami, it is haunted by questions of whether the government could have stemmed the devastation.
A defender of apartheid, he also showed a moderate streak rarely found among hard-liners, predicting that the country would one day have a black president.
Doing significantly more work in the United States, as the company is being pressured to do, would require an overhaul of its business model and corporate culture.
On the island’s less-trafficked northern coast, where “everything is on a smaller scale,” a stable economy and increased tourism are driving a slow market uptrend. 
President Trump told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the science regarding climate change is still unsettled.
Republicans took over the House in 2010 in part by ringing alarm bells about the deficit. The hole is growing again. The denunciations are not.
American stock markets briefly stabilized early Thursday, as a report showing muted inflation helped send bond yields lower. By late morning, stocks were falling again.
India’s governing party promised to champion women and economic growth, but more women are leaving the work force than ever, partly over safety concerns.
At a summit Mrs. May asked for help in reviving stalled exit talks, but offered little new. Negotiations now look likely to go down to the wire.
Concerns over China’s economy continue to weigh on investors.
Or why Beijing just made disappear and arrested the man it had chosen to lead Interpol.
Also, two economists win the Nobel in economic science for their work on climate change.
Stocks dropped yet again on Wednesday, as the S.&P. 500 gave up its gains for 2018.
Places hit hard by Hurricane Michael are slowly returning to normal, but residents worry that officials will be in too great a hurry to move on.
In battleground districts across the nation, a “life is good” ethos may make swing voters harder to persuade than some Democrats anticipate.
The European Commission told Rome that it would have to rewrite its draft 2019 budget and reduce its deficit, or face heavy fines early next year.
A report from the Council of Economic Advisers compares Bernie Sanders to Chairman Mao, and warns that pickup trucks cost more in Sweden. 
Nations have flags and anthems — but they also have their defining treats. Here are some candies that capture the spirit of the countries they come from.
Marcus Molinaro, the Republican candidate who finds himself unable to narrow a deficit in the polls, says his life’s struggles have helped define his campaign.
The midterms are a referendum on many of the most divisive issues in America; plus, getting out the vote in Texas, and close races in Iowa and N.J.
This year’s midterms carry enormous political stakes, but if history is any guide, the vast majority of eligible voters will stay home on Election Day.
A.I. is about to have a significant impact on the factory floor, according to Harald Bauer, McKinsey’s leader of semiconductors practice for EMEA.
Chicago’s subway has also been plagued by crumbling tracks, antiquated signals and unreliable trains. Here is how it turned around.
Voters don’t like Republican policies, but conservatives win by spinning a good story about economics. Liberals need to do the same.
Thursday: Examining what happens if the economy takes a bad turn, the stock market plummets, and the search for an 800-pound hammer.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
A slide in technology shares dragged down major stock indexes on Wall Street as investors continued to digest rising interest rates.
Suburban men, focused largely on economic issues, constitute a potential bulwark for President Trump in many of the suburban districts that will determine control of the House.
Impact investing — which considers social good in addition to financial returns — has matured in the past decade, and some investors are turning more attention to the arts.
Friday: A demographic angle to the state’s crisis, Nick Mullens leads the Battle of the Bay in his N.F.L. debut, and the Salesforce Tower’s Halloween display.
The president is less popular than overall growth would predict.
The truth about the Nordic economies.
Despite their sudden rise, they didn’t come out of nowhere. 
By threatening to penalize Swift, the financial messaging service, the U.S. is alienating European allies and could undercut the dollar’s dominance.
Todd Bol’s Little Free Library boxes, which blend the form of folk art with the function of a community water cooler, have popped up in all 50 states and in 88 countries.
Few statewide results alarmed Democrats in 2016 more than Ohio. Now they are honing what they hope is a winning economic message focused on workers.
The government and Islamist leaders enraged over the acquittal of a woman accused of blasphemy struck a deal that allows further appeals and bars her from leaving the country.
Does Senator Ted Cruz really enjoy a comfortable lead over Representative Beto O’Rourke in Texas, or are the polls not accounting for a surge in turnout among millennials and first-time voters?
Former President Barack Obama remarked on a heckler, Senator Ted Cruz seizes on a Project Veritas video, and strategists form a consensus about how their parties will fare on Tuesday.
Super PACs for both parties are devoting late money to vulnerable seats, and two major newspapers in Texas endorsed Beto O’Rourke, Ted Cruz’s opponent.
The head of the Chinese company’s nonprofit arm discussed using its connections to help sell weapons to Chad, Qatar and Libya, according to federal prosecutors.
Young voters discuss the issues motivating them this year.
In Obama’s era, democracy done in good faith struggled. For his demagoguing opponents, that remains the whole point. 
Representative Tom Reed, an incumbent Republican, is facing a challenge from Tracy Mitrano, a cybersecurity expert, in New York’s Trump Country.
Eight countries — including India, South Korea, Japan and China, among the world’s largest importers of Iranian oil — were granted six-month waivers. The European Union did not receive an exemption.
BMW’s earnings may show the effects of the trade war, Disney’s earnings are expected to be strong and E.U. ministers will discuss trade relations with the U.S.
The president has reclaimed the formula that made the landslide victories of the Nixon and Reagan years possible. 
Apparently, the self-evident truth that all people deserve life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness is far from settled.
Socialist revolution. All the governor’s helicopters. “Rapper” as political dog whistle. And more from The Times.
The Trump administration just imposed what it called the biggest sanctions action ever taken by the U.S. against Iran. Why? And what may happen next?
The chancellor of the Exchequer promised more money for health, education and even fixing potholes. But worry remains about the country’s withdrawal from the European Union.
President Trump pledged to cut off the assistance because of the caravan approaching the United States. But the money still flows. And the U.S. is helping countries with Venezuelan refugees.
A reader cites a roiling stock market, store closures and rising interest rates and predicts that a major correction is in the offing. 
Will the Supreme Court wipe out the government protections that have shielded Americans from abusive business practices since the New Deal?
The president and the far right want to keep the free movement of goods and money, but not of people. 
The killing of Jamal Khashoggi may be scaring away the foreign partners Saudi Arabia needs to overhaul its economy. Empty seats at a high-profile conference reflect the danger.
This case could test whether there is a constitutional right to a stable and safe climate. What do you think? Do these young people have strong arguments in their favor?
Trying to solve an economic mystery. 
It’s impossible to drive across the state and not be reminded of the first boundlessness of American potential. 
The front-runner in the presidential race has sent mixed messages about critical issues, including pension reform and the privatization of state-run companies.
By the time he was arrested, Mr. Sayoc appeared to fit a familiar profile of a modern extremist, radicalized online and sucked into a vortex of partisan furor.
Six months after a weeklong teacher walkout, education has been a focal point in midterm races up and down the ballot.
Washington State voters will consider carbon fees aimed at curbing climate change. If they approve, the state will be the first in the nation to impose the fees.
If you’re angry about politics, do something about it.
Ms. Kelly relentlessly tied her opponent, Kris Kobach, to former Gov. Sam Brownback, whose socially conservative policies became very unpopular.
Regardless of the outcomes, Republican candidates embraced the divisive, racially inflammatory messages of President Trump in 2018, folding up the party’s Big Tent.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Inaccurate statistics on how much oil is being produced on any given day can affect the oil market.
The National Parks Conservation Association says our energy needs can be met in a less harmful way.
Writers from across the spectrum on the 2018 elections and what the results mean for American politics.
Readers offer different assessments of what messages the voters were sending, and how both parties should proceed.
There is already chatter about curbing the money in campaigns, tightening gun control, funding immigrants’ educations, and codifying Roe v. Wade.
Gains in the Senate show that President Trump is insulated from the economic fallout.
The company’s Electron rocket carried a batch of small commercial satellites from a launchpad in New Zealand, a harbinger of a major transformation to the space business.
How best to invigorate the country’s economy has reanimated a wrenching debate in Europe about whether it is better to spend or cut in the face of stagnation.
Technically, Korea wasn’t even a war. But that doesn’t mean we can ignore the veterans who fought in it.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a light on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
An eyewitness to atomic warfare as a combat pilot, he returned home to help found Apache, one of the nation’s largest independent oil and gas concerns.
Maithripala Sirisena’s move, which critics said was illegal, deepened a two-week-old constitutional crisis over who is the legitimate prime minister of the island nation.
Venezuela has become just the latest victim of hyperinflation — that perfect storm of economic mismanagement, consumer anxiety and political chaos.
The Scottish artist Katie Paterson is collecting 100 unpublished works that won’t be released in their writers’ lifetimes.
Premium economy — offering more space than coach but at a lower fare than business class — is turning out to be popular among fliers and a huge moneymaker for the airlines.
The election produced some wins for the climate, but also underscored the power of the fossil fuel industry.
The party didn’t get everything it wanted. But it got what it and the country need.
A glowing jobs report right before an election should be a gift to the party in power, but the president’s strident tone on immigration is drowning out the good news.
How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?
“Where there is indigenous land,” newly elected President Jair Bolsonaro has said, “there is wealth underneath it.”
Amazon’s announcement of a headquarters in Queens today sets up a showdown between local officials, who are hesitant about the deal, and the mayor and governor who both want it.
Chinese collectors flock to London to buy items from their country’s Imperial past, attracted by pieces with ownership histories that guarantee authenticity.
The cabinet’s support relieves some of the pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May, but there are several steps before the agreement could take effect.
Europe and the United States are trying to agree to formal trade talks but the E.U. is already preparing to hit back if Mr. Trump moves ahead with car tariffs.
The Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, did not mention President Trump on Wednesday, but his remarks amounted to a defense of the central bank.
The Continent faces a confluence of economic and political crises after Germany’s growth disappointed and Italy defied calls to modify a populist budget plan.
Not so long ago, corporate leaders understood they had a stake in the country’s prosperity.
Uncertainty over the stability of a trade war truce between Washington and Beijing has renewed investor worries about global growth prospects.
Let us help you start your day.
Major stock indexes dropped again Friday, in Wall Street’s third decline this week. Investors remained gripped by uncertainty about how much the American economy could slow next year.
The Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, prompting concerns that growth will slow — and workers will reap fewer of the benefits.
How did Choc, a quirky calligraphic typeface drawn by a French graphic designer in the 1950s, end up on storefronts everywhere?
Mayor Bill de Blasio spends far less time at City Hall than he once did, leading some city officials to ask: Has the mayor lost focus?
Let us help you start your day. 
A brief guide to recessions and what can be done about them.
The U.S. has leverage over Riyadh. Let’s use it.
Stocks slumped through the afternoon, with the S&P 500 at its lowest point for the year and most sectors affected by the sell-off.
Ye Jianming courted the Biden family and networked with former United States security officials. Today, his empire is crashing down in court.
Along the nation’s northern border, businesses depend on holiday shoppers from Canada. This year, tensions between the two countries are keeping some people away.
The move was fiercely opposed by NATO and neighboring Serbia, which said it would threaten peace in the war-scarred Balkan region.
The Internet Association makes the case for a federal law.
My dad was a longtime labor activist. He despises what Jeff Bezos built, but he can’t quit it. 
Palladium, a silvery-white metal used in cars and sometimes jewelry, has topped gold in commodities trading for the last three days. 
The U.S. adopts a hard line against China, and an era of engagement recedes into the past.
Jennifer Valentino-DeVries, an investigative reporter for The Times, explains how reporters discovered some of the information mobile apps collect.
Paul Romer had a doubly big day: first he was married to Caroline Weber and then accepted a Nobel later in the evening.
Here’s what you need to know.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Mexico has a plan to deal with migrants: develop Central America, ideally with U.S. help. If not, it may turn to China, a powerful player in the region.
The International Monetary Fund agreed to a $3.9 billion line of credit for Ukraine, whose economy has struggled with corruption and a conflict with Russia.
An unorthodox economic indicator points to an improving outlook in China’s rust belt. Economists are skeptical, but there are precedents for this kind of measurement.
Guatemalan officials’ courting of the Trump administration may explain their muted response to the deaths of two children in U.S. custody.
Music is competing for attention, and songs are just one of many products artists are hawking today: Aspiring pop stars need a new skill set, building careers that work like reality TV.
The House Democratic class of ’19 is planning a major push on voting, ethics and campaign finance reform. All that stands in the way is the Senate. 
The retail behemoth is laying the groundwork to penetrate Brazil’s huge consumer market, analysts say. Success won’t come easy.
The idea of building a border wall remains a central flash point of the Trump era. But as Times photojournalists have seen for themselves, a wall already exists, and it takes many forms.
Here are four important unsettled issues for 2019 that are on the mind of the economist N. Gregory Mankiw.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has fostered booming economic growth and better social development. But voters are wary of her authoritarian tendencies.
Friday: Considering whether all of the state’s teams can make the playoffs, President Trump weighs in on the killing of a police officer, and the year in pictures.
The excesses that could end a boom decade for the American economy are coming into view.
 Sunday’s election is a contest between two bad options — but one is worse than the other.
Women from India, Pakistan and beyond are finally gaining recognition thanks to a spate of recent and coming museum shows.
Wednesday: Election Day brought wins for Gavin Newsom and Dianne Feinstein, but many competitive House races were too close to call.
Whatever the president says, the Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, is not the problem.
Home prices are out of reach relative to incomes and mortgage rates. The big question for the economy is how the imbalance adjusts. 
Two of China’s largest conglomerates have been snapping up fashion brands in recent years.
The web was supposed to set the world free. China's is censored, but booming anyway.
Money is just the obvious obstacle. A few diseases, like H.I.V., so far have outwitted both the immune system and scientists.
America’s water supply is increasingly digitized, and increasingly vulnerable. 
The automaker said the moves would affect five factories in the United States and Canada. President Trump said he was unhappy with the move.
President Trump’s forceful support of Saudi Arabia’s crown prince may have backfired by prompting members of Congress to promise investigations of their own.
The European Union took another step toward punishing Italy for insisting on a heavy-spending budget even while it remains heavily indebted.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Our new series, China Rules, shows how a country mired in poverty beat the odds and managed to become the most powerful modern rival to the United States. 
Remember that you can be thoroughly anti-Trump without being completely Trump-obsessed.
Both sides need to be smart and honest about how the countries became economic successes. 
If you’re willing to search, you can get a vacation deal. You’ll even be able to check a bag at no extra cost. 
The $1.8 billion gift to Johns Hopkins is praised for its generosity, but some readers suggest that such a sum could be better spent to boost less elite institutions and students.
Did Donald Trump capitalize on Barack Obama’s failure to whack bankers?
When people have a hole in their life, they often fill it with angry politics.
It isn’t just size. Unlike many big American companies, Amazon is not squandering its profits on stock buybacks.
More and more of the predicted impacts of global warming are now becoming a reality.
Traffic jams and delayed trains are infuriating for everyone, but they’re especially painful when they make you miss your baby’s bedtime yet again.
American accusations of economic espionage by China could shape negotiations over a trade deal.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The coastal province of Valencia is cheaper and more manageable than Spain’s major metropolises, making it an appealing alternative for many home buyers. 
A new study examines the share of primary homes owned by the native-born and foreign-born in America’s most populated metropolitan areas.
Conservative policies are directly linked to a rise in poverty, and the country’s leadership is in “a state of denial.”
With thousands of homes destroyed in the wildfires, the homeless crisis just got worse.
Infrastructure won’t happen until the Democrats regain control.
Amazon might have been the center of a new tech ecosystem in Queens. Here’s what the city can do next.
A top security official outlined an alternative approach to the Trump administration’s call to keep the Chinese company Huawei out of 5G networks.
With Trump and Putin pulling out of treaties, it may be up to Congress to prevent an arms race.
Let us help you start your day.
Divisions within the White House persist despite a publicly united front on the status of trade talks with China.
From the start, Pakistan has pushed its propaganda more effectively than India. But India says no gesture can be taken seriously until Pakistan cracks down on terrorism.
Why American conservatism after Trump may learn to like the state.
After nearly three agonizing years, the people are fed up. What’s next — recession, civil unrest or another referendum?
It’s been a busy week in American politics. Here are some of the stories you might have missed.
Vice President Mike Pence is commonly seen around Washington as a mute helpmate to a bombastic president. On foreign soil, he has toyed with the idea of branching out — just not too far.
Campaign sees hotels, guesthouses, restaurants shuttered.
“Borderless money” is more than a buzzword when you live in a collapsing economy and a collapsing dictatorship.
Plus, what a sneaker says about college sports, and questions about the next step in building wireless networks.
An unusually harsh rebuke a week after a deadly bombing in India shows waning patience over Pakistan’s treatment of militants.
There is little difference between the country’s ruling party and the opposition.
The automaker is spending $4.5 billion on several plants to produce three Jeep models, reflecting consumers’ growing preference for bigger vehicles.
Two readers disagree with an Op-Ed writer’s belief that counting women is the wrong approach.
Representative French Hill warns against interfering in the free market.
President Trump wants big changes from China. But China’s leader is seeking security in a year that includes the 30th anniversary of the Tiananmen bloodshed.
The old rules are being rejected, among liberals and conservatives, politicians and economists.
Can you find Madagascar on a map? What else do you know about this African nation with 25.7 million people?
There are other tools that don’t involve quite the risks and challenges of targeting the richest families.
Evangelicals, artists and other groups have pushed back against official decisions in recent months, forcing the government to negotiate.
Paris and Berlin can’t agree on how to lead Europe forward.
Liquid natural gas producers from Qatar, Norway and the U.S. are in line to deliver enough fuel to keep the lights on in Poland — and to complicate relations between Russia and the U.S.
Let us help you start your day.
Just two months into the year, the value of acquisitions of American biotech companies has already exceeded last year’s total.
Million-dollar-plus autos are selling less often at auction, at the slowest pace since 2008, when the car insurer Hagerty started tracking this data.
Home prices in the capital city, Sofia, have been rising for years, but now that supply is catching up to demand, the market is slowing.
Also: The most basic sin of economics journalism.
I set out to understand how a group of real estate professionals allegedly used Airbnb to convert apartments into illegal hotel rooms.
China can pay him off; places with rule of law can’t.
A rising star of the labor movement, she’s made a career of getting unruly people to do what she wants.
Nannies and housecleaners have some of the hardest, least secure jobs in the nation. Now they’re organizing to change that.
Curators say the goal was not to choose “hot” artists but to include those facing pressures from art school debt and the collapse of small galleries.
As governments pull back on spending, companies are paying for private terminals, joining in renovations and even reopening an airport to commercial flights.
A Tufts University project seeks to make “history more visible” — from slavery to Black Lives Matter — with a map of historic African-American sites in Boston and beyond.
Readers respond to columns by Bret Stephens, David Brooks and Ross Douthat.
Sanctions on the country’s oil export will further damage a collapsed economy, increasing the risk of starvation.
What the world has learned from Trump’s trade war.
We get a look at his transcript on trade policy. It’s not pretty.
While the United States and China have made progress toward a compromise, Beijing is leery of holding a summit without concluding a deal first.
Let us help you start your day.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Plus, disappointing job numbers, Mario Batali is officially out of the restaurant business and Brexit approaches peak mayhem.
Let us help you start your day.
Turkish government figures show two consecutive quarters of declining growth amid falling investor confidence, shrinking investment and rising prices.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika, however, said he would remain in power until a successor was found, raising questions about when or whether he would actually step down.
Research suggests that the challenges aren’t a series of single strands, but a spider web of them.
How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?
Our victories are quiet, but we need to be loud about how essential they are.
I did, and it isn’t what I expected. I am more involved in social and racial justice, economic development and feminism than I ever was in a big city.
What do people stand to gain — and lose — if the ritual is discontinued?
An offer from a senior Chinese official could make a trade deal easier to achieve — but also more fragile.
New York was riveted by a debate over incentives offered to Amazon to build a headquarters. But Hudson Yards, the huge office and luxury residential development in Manhattan, has received far more.
Want proof? Look at the economic forecasts of the past decade — and all the disappointments that have followed.
The 391 to 242 vote left Britain in limbo, without a clear way forward on Brexit, and threatens Prime Minister May’s hold on power.
This word has appeared in 99 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year.
Here’s what you need to know.
Venezuelan officials blamed the opposition and the United States for the outage, but provided no evidence. At a hospital with a backup generator, one man said, “A lot of us are going to die here.”
President Trump’s top trade negotiator told lawmakers that he could not predict success in ending the trade war, offering a more cautious assessment than other administration officials.
The decision not to debate on Fox is shortsighted and could hurt the party and its candidates.
The authorities also detained a prominent journalist for the supposed sabotage of the electrical system.
Brexit has trapped British politics. Burn it down and start fresh.
Doctors, hospitals, drug companies and insurers have a simple message: The Affordable Care Act works reasonably well and should be improved, not repealed or replaced with a big new public program.
Here’s what you need to know.
Dariga Nazarbayeva boosted her chance of following her father as president, but a messy divorce and the lurid death of her former husband might get in the way.
The move by the big utility in the New York suburbs has set off anger and panic among developers, threatening a real estate boom and creating uncertainty over jobs.
As Britain’s political crisis deepens, the bloc agreed to an extension, but only if Parliament passes a withdrawal plan it has twice rejected.
A century of Danish advances for women met a barrier when a legislator was told by another female lawmaker that her baby had no place in Parliament, setting off a debate about gender politics.
In a Twitter barrage, the president called on G.M. and the United Auto Workers to start talks that would put an Ohio factory back to work.
Algeria’s army finally turns its back on the president. But the protesters want much more than that.
Readers react to Paul Krugman’s statement that “nobody knows how to reverse” the economic decline of the heartland.
Withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal has paid dividends.
The growing prominence of the B.D.S. movement — and the backlash to it — is widening fault lines from college campuses to Capitol Hill.
Lobbyists are pressing legislatures, and sometimes working around them, to keep workers from being deemed employees and save the companies billions.
The strict copyright law will require Google and other technology companies to compensate musicians, authors and news publishers.
Let us help you start your day.
China’s surrender to Western powers after the first Opium War helps explain Beijing’s interest for a global trading order that works more on its terms, historians say.
Here’s your weekly smorgasbord of all the tech and business news you missed, plus what you should know heading into Monday.
With days until local elections, Turkey’s banking regulator accused JPMorgan Chase and other banks of issuing “misleading and manipulative” investment advice.
Two hurricanes slowed a budding effort to reclaim the island’s agricultural and culinary independence. But its chefs, farmers and entrepreneurs are rebuilding.
Worries that the United States economy could slip into recession plagued investors for the second straight trading day. In Japan, the market fell 3 percent.
President Trump has tried to get the Federal Reserve to share his love of low interest rates. Now he’s ratcheting up the pressure.
Nursultan Nazarbayev is leaving the presidency but will retain considerable power.
The Temptations’ dancing was essential to their allure. Sergio Trujillo makes it more intricate, stylistically varied and narratively sophisticated.
Xu Zhangrun boldly criticized China’s repressive policies. Now his university has suspended him and started an inquiry. But he is not retreating.
House Democratic leaders, responding to a letter from Representative Rashida Tlaib, seek to make it clear: “We’re not focused on impeachment.”
Let us help you start your day.
Remembering the economic work my former Princeton colleague devoted his life to.
The 2008 crisis showed what happens when financial regulation is weakened while the economy is strong. The Trump administration is doing it again.
Investors have finally started to chase this year’s stock market rally, which has been driven largely by the Federal Reserve’s sharp turn away from steady rate increases.
The Treasury Department is punishing two Chinese shipping companies for helping North Korea evade sanctions.
The chancellor of the Exchequer said that the government could reap a $35 billion Brexit dividend, but only if it reaches a deal with the European Union.
Chinese leaders have long sported unnaturally black heads of hair. Mr. Xi is going gray as he builds his image as a man of the people.
The campaign promises of Mexico’s president generated great expectations, but the country’s hard realities may bring a reckoning sooner than later.
A “formulation” gathers the biological, psychological and social factors that lead to a mental illness — and offers clues to the way out of suffering.
Can you find Mongolia on a map? What else do you know about this Northern Asian nation with about 3.1 million people?
Let us help you start your day.
Capitalism, he says, is slowly committing suicide.
Revenue warnings from Apple and Delta Air Lines and weaker manufacturing data suggest that the economy and corporate profits are slowing more than expected.
One year after marijuana legalization California sales are down, tax revenues are well below forecasts and the black market thrives.
We need the next wave of innovation, and we need it now. 
His message to investors seemed to repair the damage from his remarks two weeks ago. 
A new study found that most authors’ incomes are below the poverty line.
Here’s what you need to know.
Let us help you start your day.
Let us help you start your day. 
The president deserves to lose his job — and he’s vulnerable. Just look at the final midterm results.
The current political and economic environment makes Jack Kelly’s examination of the events that ended the Gilded Age both timely and urgent.
The White House said Monday that Ms. Liang, an expert on financial regulation, had decided not to seek a seat on the Federal Reserve’s board.
The talks, by midlevel government officials, are aimed at reaching an agreement that could end a trade war between the two countries.
President Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela was inaugurated for the second time on Thursday. How has he managed to maintain power?
It was a good idea that didn’t catch on in 2007. Now we’re running out of time.
The ideological divide among news outlets is evident in shutdown coverage, but even in conservative areas there is some divergence from President Trump’s hard-line rhetoric.
The global liquor industry is pouring capital into the region. But will tourists really travel for the “whiskey experience”?
Even as Facebook, Google and others confronted challenges in 2018, their ambitions were undimmed. After all, so much of life remains undisrupted.
In his New Year’s Day speech, North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, said he was ready to meet with President Trump again but warned against continued sanctions against his country.
Parents in Indiana are demanding the clean-up of a toxic site and questioning environmental rollbacks that could prevent future chemical disasters like the one they face. 
Wednesday: Our Tech editor Pui-Wing Tam talks about what her team learned in 2018; a Rose Parade fire; and onscreen California geography goofs
Thursday: Reporters pick stories that defined California beyond the mayhem, unheeded Paradise warnings and a Taco Bell transit map of dreams.
More Chinese companies went public in the United States in 2018 than in any year since 2014.
Let us help you start your day.
Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative and a China skeptic, wants to prevent an anxious president from making a quick, empty deal in a rush to calm the markets.
About 800,000 federal employees, and the citizens who depend on them, are being hurt for an empty political stunt.
After a suicide bombing in Kashmir and brinkmanship with Pakistan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is finding some undecided voters rallying to him.
Our 52 Places Traveler thought she could rely on downloads as armor against the unknowns of global travel. That’s not how it went down.
Collectors offer advice on how to buy fine art, and when to sell it.
Europe has less inequality and more social mobility because its taxation schemes reach deeper into society and do more for everyone.
The 20-year-old said he had acted alone in publishing private information of hundreds of lawmakers and others, the authorities said.
Jeff Slutzky makes his New York Times Crossword debut, ably abetted by Derek Bowman.
As the country nears the end of its third week of a government shutdown, the nation’s capital has borne the brunt of its consequences.
President Trump addressed the country on Tuesday, the 18th day of the government shutdown, about border security. Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer delivered the Democratic response.
The president’s latest call for a border wall stirred weariness among leaders and citizens alike. At least, those who could be troubled to listen to it.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Only Washington and Beijing, working together, can slow climate change and the spread of nuclear weapons.
It’s been a very long two weeks. 
The White House doubled its estimate of the shutdown’s drag on growth, and other economists warned a long stalemate could push the economy into a contraction.
Many Americans would welcome some traits of the island’s free, universal health care system. 
An influential financier says investors should pay heed to growing risks and social tensions — a message resonating at the World Economic Forum.
Here’s what you need to know.
Furloughed government employees desperate for income have become unlikely entrants into America’s gig economy, substitute teaching, babysitting and delivering food.
President Trump’s monthlong impasse with Congress over his proposed border wall has all but frozen the rest of his policy agenda.
Let us help you start your day.
The characters in “Broad City,” “High Maintenance” and “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” have learned to love New York in the era of gentrification.
Early indications suggest the French president may be turning a corner after weeks of stunned retreat, even as he tests the patience of his opponents.
A former Chinese official with Australian citizenship, Mr. Yang flew from New York to Guangzhou despite friends’ warnings that it was too dangerous.
The search engine already cleansed its results, suggesting foreign companies can do little to get in the good graces of Beijing’s online regulators.
Let us help you start your day.
Readers see politics at work and a lost opportunity for middle and lower income students.
Xavier Veilhan has an unconventional work space but a traditional approach to the midday meal.
What is the French-backed currency, the C.F.A. franc, used by 14 nations in western and central Africa?
The red carpet was there as the Arab League held its fourth economic and social summit. But it was trod upon by only the smallest of feet.
Let us help you start your day.
Let us help you start your day. 
President Nicolás Maduro, facing a direct challenge to his hold on power, told American diplomats to leave, an order the United States said it would ignore.
Here’s what you need to know.
Let us help you start your day. 
Readers on both sides of the issue respond to an anti-abortion Op-Ed article. 
The inquiry grew out of a 2014 civil suit and appears unrelated to other pressure faced by the Chinese company, two people familiar with the case said.
The company said it could not come to financial terms for the nearly $20 billion endeavor with the British and Japanese governments.
Muslims now make up one of the fastest-growing segments of the global travel industry. In response, hotels and tour operators are increasingly trying to meet their dietary and religious needs.
Investors are wising up to the bubble in risky corporate bonds. But it may be too late for companies that took on more debt than they can handle.
Recession fears have emerged despite strong job growth, making some investors wary of stocks and looking for havens in a turbulent start to 2019.
Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat re-elected in November, presented an aggressively progressive platform promising to make New York a leader among liberal states.
Britain’s opposition leader has strained to keep his options open on E.U. withdrawal. But his party’s votes will be critical to the outcome, and time is running out.
For Mr. Jones, the fight over the shutdown, in a state where President Trump is popular and many federal workers live, is a reminder that his party’s views are out of step back home.
After a historic Brexit vote, the country requires statesmanship. Too bad it has Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn.
All the debate has come up against a stubborn fact: Brexit is damaging to the British national interest.
An agreement that would raise the minimum wage to $15 by 2024 would place New Jersey among the most progressive states on a so-called living wage, joining California and Massachusetts.
Let us help you start your day. 
Many of the big economic questions in coming decades will come down to just how extreme the weather will be, and how to value the future versus the present. 
Readers discuss the tit-for-tat between the president and Nancy Pelosi, and how to end the impasse that is causing hardships for federal workers.
Brussels has celebrated its unity in negotiations with Britain, and it has successfully demonstrated the pain of leaving the E.U. But at what cost?
Despite a recent downswing in the market, Ecuador’s low cost of living and access to affordable health care make it a popular destination for North Americans.
Much of that money will be recouped as workers receive back pay, but the financial damage is lingering and another potential shutdown looms.
A long while.
Polarization is everywhere. But it’s being challenged in Poland by a handful of magazines across the political spectrum. They’ve begun sharing articles, to show readers a variety of viewpoints.
For this issue, a look at the center of China's campaign to dominate the global economy. 
The Federal Reserve said it expected continued growth but, in a sharp reversal, indicated it stood ready either to increase or to reduce rates, depending on economic conditions.
Forecasters, investors and policymakers lack many of the reports they rely on, just as concerns grow that the nation’s economic expansion could be ending.
President Trump agreed to reopen the government for three weeks, a surprise retreat from his demands for a border wall. Here’s what else has happened.
The despot of Zimbabwe was ousted in 2017. But much remains of his tyranny and misrule.
India’s prime minister faces charges of bypassing procedures, causing loss in public funds, compromising national security and using the arms deal to offer a lucrative contract to an ally.
Let us help you start your day.
Let us help you start your day.
President Hassan Rouhani said that severe American economic sanctions, not the Iranian government, should be blamed for problems like a crashing currency and rising costs.
Why a brave Democrat should make the case for vastly expanding immigration. 
It is too far away and intervention would be too costly. Moscow will probably content itself with hurling insults at the U.S. from the sidelines.
Writing the “What You Get” feature, which involves finding three homes around the country for about the same price, is an adventure in armchair browsing.
The company reported revenue of $32.5 billion in the last quarter, and it made a profit of almost $8.6 billion, big increases over the same period a year ago.
Let us help you start your day.
The U.S. should send more soft power and less hard power to the region.
No one, particularly ordinary Cubans, is benefiting from the 60-year feud.
Democrats avoided any outbursts or walkouts that could have presented a bad image, but their silence as Republicans clapped repeatedly spoke volumes.
The State of the Union address suggested that America’s political drama was becoming an ensemble, not a one-man show anymore.
Every month, Netflix Canada adds a batch of movies and TV shows to its library. Here are the titles we think are most interesting for February.
Let us help you start your day.
Some of the first couple’s 13 guests are the human faces of narratives that President Trump has been crafting and wishes to advance.
Australians will go to the polls next month to elect a new government. Here’s are some of the key issues that the country’s leaders must confront to win voters over.
Across the world, economists have had to downgrade growth forecasts. It’s not as bad as it sounds.
The problem with holding out for a perfect Brexit plan is that you can’t fix stupid.
The leaders of Britain’s Conservative and Labour Parties face challenges in reaching an agreement, each because of political pushback to compromise from within their parties.
It’s been a busy week in American politics. Here are some of the stories you might have missed.
Here’s what you need to know.
Many see Tuesday’s election as a referendum on Benjamin Netanyahu, who has been prime minister for the last decade and is facing likely indictment for fraud.
The trade war is nearing a possible truce, but global companies are nevertheless moving to reduce their dependence on Chinese factories to make the world’s goods.
Households stung by the limit on state and local income tax deductions are chasing tax-free municipal bonds. But it’s wise to proceed carefully.
Bill Morneau, Canada’s finance minister, pressed President Trump’s top economic advisers this week to lift the tariffs on steel and aluminum.
Mutual funds are investing in companies that can help mitigate greenhouse gas emissions and aid in adaptation to climate change.
New figures suggest the Chinese slowdown is bottoming out. Credit goes to a wave of lending, but economists warn that debt-fueled growth can’t continue.
Peter Ashlock has completed 25,000 trips for Uber. As insiders cash in with what may be a $100 billion public offering, he’s on the road to nowhere.
The decline in the number of tournaments in the U.S. corresponds with the decline in the number of highly ranked Americans and the growth of tennis in Europe and Asia.
Tuesday: Housing bills on the line; Kamala Harris vows executive action on gun control; and not-yet-historic historic places
Monday: You don’t have to be a climate scientist. Also: more fallout from Nipsey Hussle, and a guide to Mendocino County
The rater has become the rated.
The replacement came two weeks after President Trump designated the Revolutionary Guards as a foreign terrorist organization.
Plus, The National Enquirer has a new owner and the country’s economy gets a checkup.
Herman Cain and Stephen Moore have eschewed the traditional silence for such picks, providing nearly daily commentary. But the Senate may not like what it’s hearing.
Imran Khan, praised for his statesmanlike handling of a recent standoff with India, said Pakistan can’t allow the powerful groups to operate any longer.
Let us help you start your day.
“Our Planet” depicts melting glaciers, plummeting walruses and other effects of climate change in real time. The series creators share their behind-the-scenes stories.
The election was a referendum on Netanyahu and he nailed it. His playbook will be Trump’s in 2020.
Stephen Moore and Herman Cain aren’t the only problems. The Fed needs to make changes to avoid repeating its post-recession mistakes.
Twenty years later, we still haven't partied like we did in 1999.
A transition to democracy in Sudan will be difficult and needs robust support from the United States and African leaders.
His ouster by the military after 30 years of heartless rule is welcome. Finding better leaders and a better life for the Sudanese people will be a challenge.
Thursday: A legal fight shows the challenges of marijuana regulation; rapid rehousing may work in Los Angeles; and “Beach Blanket Babylon” is closing.
In an increasingly diverse country, the G.O.P. can’t afford to alienate voters like me.
The Silicon Valley food-drink of choice is now a ‘complete nutrition platform.’ The beverage plot thickens.
The economist Joseph Stiglitz discusses Bernie Sanders, social policy and how we define ourselves — and one another.
The son of World War II refugees, Mr. Miliband walked away from British politics. Today he works to bring food, aid and education to refugees around the world.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Let us help you start your day.
Corporate profits are typically among the most reliable guide to the future direction of the stock market. And yet American stocks are up about 15 percent this year.
The Treasury secretary said China would have the right to enforce United States commitments.
The forces of wealth creation once fostered the right to be left alone. But that has changed.
For New Yorkers looking for greenery and culture, the Putnam County village is an irresistible draw. Some residents say that’s a “double-edged sword.”
The North Korean leader said he would meet with President Trump again only if the United States showed a willingness to compromise on sanctions.
We can’t adapt to perils we can’t foresee. So we need to cut greenhouse gas emissions now.
The Trump administration’s hard-line immigration policies, and rhetoric, are straining the daily cross-border existence of those in Cali-Baja.
The president has suggested in the past that Mr. Xi would travel to the United States for a signing ceremony once the countries have a final deal.
Big tech stocks including Microsoft have been leading the market higher, a rally that would have been hard to imagine at the end of 2018.
His biggest supporters are his biggest victims.
A longer or worsening trade war could hurt China’s already bruised factories. Still, Beijing is signaling it is ready for a fight.
Congress is debating a national privacy law to regulate how big tech companies like Facebook and Google collect and handle user data.
Negotiations are in trouble, and that could cause serious problems for the global economy.
As Americans worry about the potential end of a 10-year expansion, it’s worth studying the Aussies, whose winning streak is about to turn 28.
Many question whether the president can outflank party rivals and root out the corruption that has come to define the party of Nelson Mandela, the African National Congress.
In Mississippi, a pilot project to distribute incomes to poverty-stricken single African-American mothers shows the plausibility of a more equal America.
The stories of Anna Sorokin, Lori Loughlin and others suggest how eager we are to exploit and punish female humiliation.
As the trade war intensifies, Chinese subsidies for homegrown industries present a difficult obstacle to reaching a deal.
Starting as a $40-a-week proofreader, he rose through the newsroom and corporate ranks, becoming chairman and chief executive of Dow Jones.
A spokesman for the World Economic Forum says its efforts to promote inclusive economic policies benefit everyone, not just the elite.
Prime Minister Imran Khan had opposed any bailout before taking office, but has since reluctantly embraced the need for a rescue with Pakistan’s economy facing a crisis.
The Rust Belt gets the attention. But the center of American politics might soon be shifting west.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Over golf outings and at dinners, more than a dozen competitors agreed to keep prices for H.I.V., asthma and cancer drugs artificially high, 44 states allege in a new lawsuit.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Cooperation with the Chinese company could put American intelligence sharing with Britain at risk, the secretary of state said on a London visit.
A national debate over the economy, sectarianism and security — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s role in it all — played out over weeks of voting.
In a scathing final report on the impact of budget cuts in Britain, an expert on extreme poverty compared the overhauls to the Victorian workhouse system.
Recreational vehicles offer travelers the thrill of the open road and the comforts of home. Here’s how to get started.
Days before she was set to go on trial for corruption, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced an unexpected political strategy.
A woman assaulted by a tour guide says the company’s policies discourage reporting and keep travelers from finding out the truth.
Why “Rabbit,” the perfect art for the roaring mid-80s, continues to speak to us.
The film star is nominated for a Tony for “All My Sons,” a play with which she has a personal connection.
The president of the world’s third-largest democracy won a second term Tuesday, and vowed in an interview to protect pluralism and fight growing extremist threats.
Can China survive without American chips?
The sunny job numbers and steady growth hide the fact that most people think the economy works only for people in power.
Value-added taxes are popular in many countries, especially those that are less affluent. The great advantage is a built-in feature that deters tax evasion, an emerging body of research shows.
As the trade war rages, ambivalence in China about the United States has posed an unusual challenge for the Communist Party.
We need to deflate Beijing’s ambitions, without bursting them.
A conversation between “Daily” hosts.
The Trump administration is organizing a conference to show Palestinian business leaders the economic benefits of its Mideast peace plan. The Palestinians are saying no thanks.
The regime has gradually cornered rebels, extremist fighters and civilians alike in Idlib Province.
Long, inflexible hours are the norm. But in a tight job market, more companies are offering flexibility on the when and where of work.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s government is spending billions to prop up the currency amid new economic turmoil. The question is how long it can last.
Government programs, not economic freedom, are what win elections in my home country.
Robert Lepage’s much-warred-over Metropolitan Opera production of Wagner’s “Ring” cycle now makes for decent drama. But it’s still not worth it.
Like “Conversations With Friends,” “Normal People” also traces a young romance in Ireland.
Mr. de Blasio has focused on issues like education and criminal justice. But while he is a self-styled progressive, his record is more complex.
She was the founding director of the Congressional Budget Office, budget director under Bill Clinton and vice chairwoman of the Federal Reserve.
The economic conflict between the United States and China, the world’s two biggest economies, showed little sign of ending soon.
While Nike promotes gender equality in its ads, their sponsored athletes say they risk losing pay if they become pregnant.
Economic geography is proving more significant than historical alliances.
Australia feels the brunt of climate change. Now, as elections approach, its politicians are trying to figure out how to manage the anxiety of voters.
Wednesday: Why researchers came up with a new scale for the storms that hit California; Disneyland and the new theme park war; and 10 Persian recipes
The president’s latest trade measures have left the United States with the highest tariff rate among the most developed countries, outranking Canada, Germany, Russia and even China.
Friday: Housing bill postponed, the SAT adds an “adversity score,” homeless numbers rise and, finally, resilient kittens.
Here’s what you need to know.
The Department of Homeland Security said the country’s instability created conditions that “threaten the safety and security of passengers, aircraft, and crew.”
The future of the rain forest depends on an economy that revolves around its conservation.
A Burger King commercial reveals the perils of corporate relatability.
Since taking office, the hard-line Italian populist has hardly been in the office. With European Parliament elections approaching, he has gone into overdrive.
A historian and a leading dissident against a Communist regime, he coined the name of the Solidarity movement and was its first spokesman.
More than 20 years after war upended this breathtakingly beautiful land in the Balkans, a writer explores her faith, and the challenges of history.
The Trump administration announced an aid package for farmers on Thursday to mollify an important political constituency hurt by a trade clash with China.
Build he won’t, and that’s a good thing.
His stylish restaurant helped start the rise of Charleston, S.C., as a culinary destination.
Tag your shelf! Hotels, restaurants, shops and yachts stock up on beautiful and lamentably inexpensive treasures.
At its annual shareholders meeting, the bank’s chairman faced pressure to resign amid a money-laundering scandal and meager profits.
Botswana has the world’s largest population of African elephants, and the decision to lift a five-year prohibition on hunting drew an international backlash.
President Trump, at a news conference with farmers and ranchers on Thursday, made misleading or false statements about agricultural data, union support of a renegotiated trade deal and his approval ratings.
The bull market lives, thanks to the Federal Reserve’s new, more relaxed approach to interest rates.
Over a half-century, the eclectic and beloved live-music and food event has grown inseparable from the cultural ecosystem of its hometown.
The automaker said its lowest-priced offering would be available only in stores or by phone, just weeks after emphasizing a shift to online sales.
The Fed is continuing its “patient” stance as it considers its next move, but weak inflation could force it to walk a policy tightrope.
For people without a college degree, finding work that offers decent pay can be a challenge. The solution may require a change in scenery.
In “Firefighting,” Ben S. Bernanke, Timothy F. Geithner and Henry M. Paulson Jr. explain their roles in averting a financial disaster.
Britain’s prime minister accused Mr. Williamson of leaking to the media sensitive information about National Security Council talks on the Chinese telecommunications giant.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Venezuela's political crisis has deep roots. Here's the background on the standoff between the government of Nicolás Maduro and the opposition.
The armed forces’ continued support for the dictator remains the opposition’s most formidable obstacle for a regime change.
Japan’s new emperor. The power of Jack Dorsey. The raisin situation. Same pictures 68 years apart. Ok gets the ok from Scrabble. And more.
Mr. Bennet, a moderate Democrat from Colorado, has been involved in bipartisan Senate compromises on immigration, education and other issues.
Moral panic about our use of devices could benefit from good data. Big Tech companies are sitting on that information.
On a bike you can immerse yourself in the sights and smells of a world of blooms in the gardens and fields near the Dutch city of Leiden.
Steady leadership at the Federal Reserve is keeping the economy on track.
The Red Cross sent in their first shipment of medical supplies and hopes to distribute them without political intervention. The delay cost an untold number of lives.
Negotiations appear to have done little to resolve an emerging rivalry over data that the tech industry says is key to industries of the future.
In the city’s Central Cemetery, where Beethoven and Schubert lie, a company is offering music lovers the chance to join them for eternity.
How America’s obsession with long hours has widened the gender gap.
Let us help you start your day.
Mike Pompeo, the secretary of state, said in an interview with CNN that Mr. Maduro had planned to flee to Cuba on Tuesday, but was urged by the Russian government to stay.
Here’s what you need to know.
To help solve the climate crisis, we need to electrify everything.
The stance put the president at odds with Democrats and his own attorney general, setting up another confrontation over presidential authority and the separation of powers.
The former vice president is defending his friendliness toward Republicans in Washington, saying Mr. Trump doesn’t represent them. But others say that view is naïve.
On farms that produce 70 percent of the world’s hazelnuts for Nestlé, Godiva and Nutella, Syrians say they can’t earn a living wage — or much respect.
Here’s what you need to know.
The former vice president has stayed on the sidelines while his record has been scrutinized. His entry is sure to reshape the Democratic primary contest.
African swine fever, which harms pigs but not humans, has swept across the country, the world’s largest pork producer. And the government knows about only some of the cases.
Even as Spain’s interior provinces empty out, they punch above their weight politically and could determine the outcome of Sunday’s national election.
A three-week work stoppage forced thousands of schools to close, posing a challenge for the governing party ahead of national elections.
The N.R.A. is dealing with inner turmoil, lawsuits and a newly empowered Democratic House. The president’s visit is being thought of as a needed pep talk.
Lt. Gen. Mohamed Hamdan was once a camel trader who led a militia accused of genocidal violence in Darfur. He now sits at the pinnacle of power.
Faring worse in the recovery, they worry more about jobs than white Democrats do, polling shows.
In the heart of grape-growing country, this riverside city in France is especially appealing to those in the wine-sipping, food-loving crowd.
Despairing about privacy isn’t an admission of defeat. It’s an acknowledgment that taking control of our data matters.
Expectations that the Federal Reserve will start dropping interest rates have surged in recent days.
Legal Aid lawyers, who represent poor people in court, often have to work second jobs to make ends meet.
The music industry can tell us a lot about our winner-take-all economy.
My political agenda has been shaped by my family’s experiences of struggling to make ends meet.
A sharp decline in the pace of hiring in May, especially in sectors dependent on trade, suggests that the president’s tariffs are starting to bite.
New ventures hope to fill a need as the number of African high school graduates grows, along with demand for a more highly skilled work force.
President Andrés Manuel López Obrador of Mexico can either give in to President Trump or face stiff tariffs. Both could weaken his ratings at home and the Mexican economy.
Don’t give in to cynicism.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Ms. Warren laid out a theme of “economic patriotism,” pledging to intervene in markets and invest $2 trillion in climate-friendly industries over a decade.
A bitter custody battle threatens affirmative action laws, tribal rights, and the future of one little girl.
A new book identifies aristocrats, investors and companies that own vast portions of the country, amid growing complaints about land scarcity and economic inequality.
Traders at Barclays, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and the Royal Bank of Scotland engaged in anti-competitive behavior, the European Commission found.
Tim Bouverie’s “Appeasement” describes the many ways the British government avoided standing up to Hitler.
The exiting president of the E.C.B. famously vowed to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the eurozone currency. It is unclear whether whoever follows him can be counted on to do the same.
From a whisky distiller to a fintech entrepreneur, meet four people who are taking old industries along entirely new paths.
In her Graphic Content column, Hillary Chute looks at new works from Mark Alan Stamaty and Jaime Hernandez that each grapple with urban existence.
The West and oil-rich areas have seen stronger gains than the industrial Midwest, which was hit hard by outsourcing and automation, a new analysis shows.
A mobilization spearheaded by student and labor movements is focusing on the land question to address the social legacy of apartheid.
Pressure may get Iran to consider talking, but there has to be give and take for negotiations to begin.
The business unit was doing well, but the employees were sad. Could data offer a clue?
Doused in pepper, salt and history, the region’s signature dish is a staple of after-church dinners, and a fine reason for a road trip.
If Iran won’t change its behavior, we should sink its navy.
President Trump’s trade war is stirring uncertainty, weighing on manufacturing and disrupting increasingly delicate global economic growth.
The skinny waterway, the gateway for a third of all crude oil by tanker, has become a security risk that could threaten the oil market.
Yields on Treasury debt have fallen, which means investors expect the Federal Reserve to push interest rates lower and keep them there.
The New York Times reported that American intelligence had secretly inserted software that could allow it to disable the Russian energy system.
But what is the endgame?
The vote in the New York Legislature came after the issue had splintered Democrats, with suburban moderates objecting.
The average policy took 18 minutes to finish and required a college-level reading ability.
The direction and results are obvious.
People can’t take America seriously anymore.
Stephen Colbert and others mocked President Trump’s claim that Mexico had agreed to new actions in the immigration deal and that some of them had not yet been revealed.
Bestowing the Presidential Medal of Freedom on a discredited economist was another gross Trump injustice.
With Democrats in firm control in Albany, lawmakers carried out a progressive agenda that had long been thwarted.
Congress could learn a thing or two.
Donald J. Trump carried several key states on a vow to end manufacturing job losses. That has not happened.
The presidents of the St. Louis and Minneapolis branches of the Federal Reserve want rates cut now, and even the central bank’s vice chair says uncertainty is growing.
The Persian Gulf crisis has not ignited a major price spike, thanks to growing oil production in the U.S. and a slowing in overall demand.
The United States and Iran, two longtime adversaries, are once again hurtling toward potential crisis.
Iran is resorting to rogue state tactics as part of a strategy to induce other countries to counter what it sees as an existential American threat.
Democrats and Republicans agree: Corruption ails the country.
A proposal to reduce the 28-country bloc's net carbon emissions to zero by 2050 failed when eastern countries that are heavily dependent on coal raised objections. 
Revenues were down about 4 percent compared with 2017. Business was up slightly at his hotel in Washington and down nearly 10 percent at Mar-a-Lago.
The migrants have been arriving in Portland, Maine, by the dozens. The surge has opened a debate in the city, which needs new residents but also has filled its shelters.
The 2020 election will be a test — not just of the man but of his country. Was President Trump’s victory the last time around a historical fluke or a genuine reflection of America in the modern age?
Kevin Roose gets into the future of technology, the anxiety of publishing a huge story and his newest hobby (no screens involved).
President Trump played down the importance of securing a trade deal with Beijing as he prepared to meet with President Xi Jinping of China this weekend.
The Republican Party is farther right than U.K.I.P. and France’s National Rally, according to an analysis of their platforms.
Candidates discussed several issues including immigration, climate change, health care and gun control.
Analysts estimate that offers of visas and passports drive more than $20 billion a year in investments.
The deal underscores the European Union’s commitment to free trade in the face of rising trade tensions and protectionism around the world.
Two adaptations of works by the writer Marguerite Duras are playing as one-woman shows in Paris.
Candidates discussed several issues including immigration, health care, civil rights and the economy.
Russian stocks are generating some of the highest returns of 2019, as investors get over the shock of last year’s sanctions.
Julián Castro excelled, Elizabeth Warren went from big factor at first to non-factor at times, and Cory Booker and Beto O’Rourke spoke the most but didn’t create singularly memorable moments.
Iran, Turkey, Boris Johnson: Here’s what you need to know.
A survey finds that voters think the trade measures will be bad for the United States, and that even most Republicans say they will lead to higher prices.
In an interview with the Financial Times newspaper, the Russian president declared that the “liberal idea” was “obsolete.”
Béji Caïd Essebsi was “a tightrope walker,” guiding a fledgling democracy. The initial transition after his death has been smooth, though conflict lies ahead.
In allowing the merger, the Justice Department is prioritizing corporate profits over the public interest.
The Cuban autocracy remains a nagging reminder of United States impotence in rooting out Communism.
President Trump’s inflammatory appeals to white working-class voters have not been matched by legislative accomplishments aimed at their financial well-being.
While other presidents have found ways to appeal to the resentments of white Americans with subtle and not-so-subtle appeals, none of them in modern times have done so as overtly as this one.
A long-defunct Cold War group has come back to life to warn of the dangers of China. They also risk triggering a new Red Scare.
As social media expands its cultural dominance, the people who can steer the online conversation will have an upper hand.
Turkish government and opposition parties need to work together to prevent the deepening of anti-immigrant talk and xenophobic Turkish nationalism.
The League party and Five Star Movement have been increasingly at odds, raising speculation that the coalition might collapse, forcing early elections.
The chancellor said the president’s “go back” comment ran counter to her impression of what had made America strong.
Han Kuo-yu, the mayor of Kaohsiung, favors closer ties with China, offering voters a stark contrast to President Tsai Ing-wen, who is often sharply critical of Beijing.
Battles have raged within the Trump administration over family separations, ICE raids and the president’s obsession with a wall. Together, they have remade homeland security.
Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado, called the move a victory for communities in the West. Others called it “a P.R. stunt.”
Congress must act to protect American citizens.
His spectacular acts of self-mutilation and vandalism have landed him in jail in both Russia and France — and blurred the lines among art, protest and crime.
Detailed measures needed to fully ensure public participation.
A proposed deepwater port could recast the former Soviet republic’s image. But not without the backing of Bidzina Ivanishvili, a billionaire and power broker.
Here’s what you need to know.
Turkey, whose purchase of a Russian missile system has created friction, called the Trump administration’s move a “mistake that will cause irreparable wounds in our strategic relations.”
Here’s what you need to know.
At the Mudfest competition, sport utilities as varied as the once-limitless sedan market showed that there’s a hauler or a crossover for everyone.
The 52 Places Traveler faces a travel nightmare getting out of Brazil — and so rewrites the itinerary, spends 40-plus hours in transit and lands in the perfect place to recover: Mexico’s Costalegre.
Online job boards and gig-economy apps have made it easier than ever to find temporary and short-term work in places you want to go.
In her valedictory speech Mrs. May attacked the “politics of winners and losers, of absolutes and of perpetual strife.” But critics says her leadership has stoked a growing Brexit crisis.
Skeptical House committee members said Facebook’s Libra plans could be a threat to central banks and aid tax evaders and drug dealers.
The ousted governor, Ricardo A. Rosselló, nominated a secretary of state to succeed him. But his confirmation by lawmakers is far from certain.
The small Caribbean country has survived hurricanes and global financial downturns thanks to its abundant beachfront real estate.
Facing campus closures and wide layoffs, university leaders are pleading with lawmakers to override the governor’s deep cuts to state support in a special session this week.
Tax cuts and tariffs have not caused a significant return of factory activity, data from the government and other sources show.
The country’s central bank guided the renminbi past another key point, suggesting Beijing could weaponize it if Trump imposes more tariffs.
President Trump has made no secret of his frustration that the United States dollar has strengthened against other currencies.
Here’s what you need to know.
The trade war is heading in a dangerous direction for the whole world.
The president cannot be absolved of responsibility for inciting the hatreds that led to El Paso.
Accused C.I.A. spies are said to have been gathering intelligence on oil sales, data that the Americans want and that Iran wants to keep secret.
Galleries abound due north of the city, showing Warhol, Basquiat and the talents of Arte Povera.
Beijing’s signals suggest it is ready to retaliate should the White House follow through on its new tariff threat, with potentially disruptive results.
The Chinese leader, Xi Jinping, wants to appear strong in the face of President Trump, even if it means enduring the economic fallout.
Here’s what you need to know.
Here’s what you need to know.
America goes after Huawei, and Chinese consumers rally to buy from the company.
In France, there are few takers for tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, despite one of Europe’s highest unemployment rates. Now, the industry is being pushed to burnish its allure.
For many Asian couples, the Greek island of Santorini has become the ultimate destination for pre-wedding photographs.
Trade war, Maduro, Cape Town: Here’s what you need to know.
But America has lost ground in market share, and Chinese visits are way down. Here’s what we know.
Can you find Croatia on a map? What else do you know about this European nation with about 4.2 million people?
Jerome Powell and the Federal Reserve must stand up to Trump. If they don’t, the American economy is heading for disaster.
Political nihilism is one of the president’s strongest weapons.
This word has appeared in 30 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year.
The protests on Friday were an early test of public reaction to Mrs. Lam’s four-point plan to ease the tensions that have plunged Hong Kong into crisis.
The ratings firm cited Beijing’s growing influence over the city, suggesting that the barriers separating their legal and financial systems were blurring.
Stocks rebounded as the United States and China scheduled further discussions, but there is little sign of tangible progress.
We are trapped between an erratic Trump, a dysfunctional Europe and an authoritarian China.
The strongest storm to reach the northwestern Bahamas, with wind gusts up to 220 m.p.h, Hurricane Dorian brings “devastating” conditions.
The imposition of currency controls is a remarkable about-face for Argentina’s president, who was elected on the promise of liberalizing the economy.
Here’s what we learned about a feminist message in a six-woman field.
A key index fell to its lowest level since January 2016 as production managers said President Trump’s trade war with China was straining supply chains.
Beijing declined to renew the credentials of a reporter who wrote about an investigation in Australia involving a cousin of China’s leader, Xi Jinping.
Beijing’s top trade negotiator is set to go to Washington in early October, after President Trump’s new penalties on Chinese goods are set to kick in. The S&P 500 rose on the news.
The standoff is upending the relationship between the world’s two largest economies.
A new wave of tariffs is about to hit companies, workers and consumers on both sides of the Pacific. But Beijing thinks it can endure.
A crisis decades in the making.
Fun-filled leisure biz booms in China as foreign, domestic labels vie for big money. 
Tyshawn Jones’s jaw-dropping athleticism has made him an icon. But is skateboarding big enough for someone like Tyshawn Jones?
Marie Arana’s original and learned account captures a region marked by greed, military might and religious fervor.
A Times reporter shares the naked truth about the tricky logistics of reporting out a story about German nudists.
After 22 people were killed at an El Paso store on Aug. 3, the nation’s largest retailer said it would stop selling ammunition for certain short barrel rifles and for all handguns.
A pathfinder in environmental economics who insisted on factoring in the worst-case scenarios of global warming.
 Here’s what you need to know.
Why do the president and many of his opponents act as though American political life is just another film noir?
Here’s what you need to know.
This word has appeared in eight articles on NYTimes.com in the past year.
A world of fire. A king of pop. A city on edge. A coastline with sea lions, surf and squiggly roads. And more.
Foreign firms shrug off concerns about slowdown, boost investments, expand big time. 
Polling suggests that worries about the health of the economic expansion cross party lines.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
The president cited a national security law from 1977 that has never before been used to cut economic ties with a major power in a trade dispute.
Mr. Sanders rolled out a plan for organized labor as more than a dozen Democratic candidates pitched themselves to workers in Iowa.
How did our political life come to seem like a fable? And is there any hope on the horizon for something more grounded?
With a faltering economy, President Moon Jae-in has tapped into resentment of Japan that’s rooted in Tokyo’s colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula.
Etgar Keret, the writer of absurd, sad, funny and very short stories, grows up.
The Costes have opened an outpost on the region’s decidedly unglamorous coastline. But outside the confines of their high-design resort, a low-key charm beckons.
Behind the laughs in this new documentary about social-media stars lies an unsettling account of the Generation-Z influencer economy.
A lively reggae soundtrack and a Jamaican setting: It’s not “The Harder They Come” but Perry Henzell’s long-lost follow-up to it.
Writing about economics for The Times, Ben Casselman must report on warning signs in an economy with plenty to smile about.
Beijing’s August 2014 offer to allow general elections — if it chose the candidates — ignited the Umbrella Movement. Protesters were hoping to mark the anniversary on Saturday.
It has become painfully clear that we are more than just consumers and corporate shareholders.
Why did America listen to the people who thought we needed “more millionaires and more bankrupts?”
Why Eastern Germans are embracing the far right.
Climate change and man-made fires could set off a cycle of self-perpetuating deforestation, scientists warn.
A tension between preparing for bad outcomes and scaring the public.
Fed Chair Jerome H. Powell says the central bank will do what it can to sustain the expansion
China’s top officials still come to Mao’s favorite beach to make fateful decisions, but now, the general public also tries to squeeze into a spot on the sand, even if many avoid sunbathing.
The Washington governor and self-described climate candidate told us what it was like to achieve national recognition — after leaving the presidential race.
The president made inaccurate claims about planes, trade, automobiles, China and Iran during events with world leaders on Monday.
The problem goes much deeper than Trump or tariffs.
President Emmanuel Macron of France is trying to get the adversaries to meet. Like President Trump, President Hassan Rouhani set conditions for talks.
In an op-ed that drew a storm of criticism, the former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York hinted that the central bank could let the president’s trade war hurt his re-election chances.
As he undertakes his first foreign trip, Mr. Johnson needs American support for Brexit. But he also needs help from Berlin and Paris, where the president is regarded with suspicion.
Stocks fell to a fourth-straight weekly loss after Beijing vowed new tariffs on the U.S. and President Trump demanded that companies leave China.
Celebrities and even private tutors pay large sums of money to use emergency vehicles to escape traffic in one of world’s worst cities for traffic jams.
Also this week, how an economic downturn could affect climate change.
Jesse Ball, Rob Hart and Bob Proehl have all delivered tales that tweak our present-day fears and worries.
Buzzy artists (King Princess, Young M.A), enduring performers (Neil Young, Madonna) and musicians dabbling in fresh mediums (Tegan and Sara, Sturgill Simpson) are coming in the new season.
In “The Meritocracy Trap,” Daniel Markovits delivers a fierce indictment of a system he says is undermining democracy and making everyone miserable.
A class-action suit on behalf of drivers in federal court in California, filed on Wednesday, accused Uber of wrongly classifying drivers under the state’s employment test.
As the nation emerges from a lengthy economic slump, the bustling city of São Paulo is beginning to see sales and prices rebound.
The September album “Cristal” by Los Guachos, his multinational 11-piece big band, takes on tunes by the tango star Carlos Gardel, as well as Mr. Klein’s own compositions.
Mr. Bishop’s narrow victory over Dan McCready in a conservative district demonstrated warning signs for President Trump in 2020.
Thousands of enterprises are taking advantage of progressive policies. 
Big economic changes come when popular narratives mutate and spread, infecting the decisions of millions of people, the economist Robert J. Shiller says.
Why is the president so obsessed with party loyalty?
Beijing first vowed to retaliate against new tariffs, even after Trump postponed some of them, but then appeared to soften its stance.
The smart money thinks Trumponomics is a flop.
Plus, WeWork takes steps to go public, and investigations into the Jeffrey Epstein case continue.
Monday: The city could see close to two million more visitors than it did in 2018, according to the tourism marketing agency.
Here’s what you need to know.
The story of a mining project in Australia helps to explain why the world keeps burning coal despite the profound risk it poses to the future.
Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte won a confidence vote in the Senate for his coalition of the Five Star Movement and the Democratic Party, his second such success in two days.
Wednesday: Where there is, and isn’t, common ground on homelessness between California officials and the Trump administration. Also: A landmark bill to remake the gig economy passes.
Teachers at YogaWorks locations in New York City are seeking to unionize, in what would appear to be a first in the U.S.
When Tom Ford holds a show in a subway station, you know something is going on.
The vision of life after 65 for American workers has changed. So has what it takes to make it all happen.
From 2010 to 2017, Letcher County in Kentucky saw a greater shift in the gender balance of its labor force than almost any other county in the United States.
The annualized rate of 1.8 percent was down from the previous quarter but still higher than expected. Trade wars, uncertain global prospects and a new consumption tax remain on the horizon.
Arab citizens make up a sixth of the Israeli electorate. They could determine whether the prime minister is re-elected, but few voted in the last election.
Companies like Uber are hitting the turbulence of government regulation, worker resistance and labor market reality.
Political chaos and confrontation with the European Union over spending rules have reinforced what a finance professor calls the country’s “serial stagnation.”
New York Times reporters followed the exchanges and provided context around the candidates’ claims.
Carrie Lam’s administration is confident that it can weather further demonstrations, despite recent violent clashes and signs that the economy could suffer.
A loss to Chinese authoritarianism would set a frightening precedent for the world.
In a major speech, President Moon Jae-in urged Japan to stop using trade to address historical disputes and expressed hope that the two economies could cooperate.
Global markets, Brexit, Philadelphia shooting: Here’s what you need to know.
Congress has the authority to limit the president’s reckless endangerment of the economy.
Both men have overplayed their hand and are desperate to be seen as the winner in their trade war.
To save our country’s future, Democrats must abolish this arcane Senate rule.
A bet by investors that the future will be worse than the present.
President Trump made his most extensive comments yet on Hong Kong’s protest movement, and suggested that its fate be tied to a trade deal.
Here’s what you need to know.
Yields on United States government bonds fell, indicating lower expectations for growth and extending a drop that began as the trade war intensified.
Shares on Wall Street fell sharply after reports showed a slowdown in China and a contraction in Germany, partly reflecting the U.S. trade war’s impact.
The deal signals an end to eight months of popular protests, the ouster of a dictator and a bloody military-led crackdown.
A report from the House Oversight Committee disclosed new details of how Thomas Barrack, a close friend of the president’s, sought to employ his influence.
Experimenting with our coverage of the Democratic debates (since there are so many of them).
Stocks were heading higher before the president wrote on Twitter that he would raise tariffs on $300 billion of Chinese imports.
The effort to punish Israel has symbolic value for both sides — but its substance has lost all significance.
In Trump’s mind, it’s still 1989.
In 2019, simple proclamations of womanhood are more popular than ever. But what, exactly, do they achieve?
The aerospace giant experienced a 35 percent drop in sales for the quarter, largely because the troubled jetliner remains grounded after two deadly crashes.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
It began as a lark among childhood friends, one a California winemaker. It has become a cultural exploration and, maybe, hope for an ailing industry.
Uncertainty is a familiar part of Italian politics, and investors are already looking at what a new government could bring.
The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement aims to press Israel to change its policies toward the Palestinians. It has generated heated debate and much misinformation.
The economic woes afflicting the region’s biggest economy will drag down the region, despite growth in countries like Greece, Portugal and Spain, analysts say.
Some critics of the industry want to see the businesses broken up. Others would like to strengthen regulation of Silicon Valley. And there are shades of gray.
Fed officials were split in their decision over whether to cut rates and by how much.
ICE is not the SS or the Gestapo. But it has concerning similarities.
The nation’s ice creams are a colorful emblem of its bounty and diversity. Here are a dozen shops worth the fireworks.
As the changing climate melts Greenland's ice sheet, the runoff is filling its fjords with immense amounts of sand. Will the world want to buy some?
Conversations about our monuments, museums, screens and stages have the same blind spots as our political discourse.
Also this week, why you should talk about global warming
A rejection of what had been a consensus view of the relationship between the jobless rate and inflation.
The decision to pull the shoes, which came after the Nike brand ambassador Colin Kaepernick objected to the design, ignited debate on social media.
Let’s face it. It’s not a question you want to hear anyone asking about you.
The Texas tycoon’s case on trade anticipated Donald Trump’s arguments two decades later.
Federal Reserve officials were split over what to do when they meet this month. The central bank’s thinking will be clearer this week.
Germany’s top antitrust official is urging other countries to take on Facebook and its peers by attacking what the companies value most: data.
Why complicate things with unproven bleeding-edge tech? Jim Kerstetter, deputy tech editor, also shops local and stays away from Uber and Postmates.
As the country recovers from a flawed election, unidentified assailants are targeting political campaigners in a troubling echo of past crackdowns.
Older, whiter and more right-wing than average, Conservatives who will choose their party’s next leader are adamant about one thing: Brexit at any cost.
Survey sheds light on qualities of citizens behind the country’s rapid development and achievements. 
Turkey remains stuck in perilous proximity to economic crisis, as households and businesses defer spending and investment in the face of weak growth.
Moving from poverty to wealth from one generation to the next is least likely in the South, but optimism there is greatest, tinged with political views.
Investors expect even lower growth and inflation; this isn’t the way it’s supposed to work.
A new commission at the Park Avenue Armory confirms her unrivaled gaze on technology, politics and war.
Turkey’s purchase of the S-400 missile defense system could give Russian technicians access to technology in U.S. warplanes that Turkey wants to buy.
Swedes have long been willing to pay high taxes for a generous social safety net. But that willingness is being tested by an influx of refugees.
Plus, the Trump administration has a big job opening, and there’s a new technology tax.
Despite global turbulence, strife and a June price surge, gold remains far below its 2011 highs.
Presidential campaigns have a sound. We analyzed the playlists of 10 contenders to see how the songs aligned with the messages.
Hong Kong clashes continue.
Spy games in Iran.
Trade war shadows G7 summit.
Modi's show of force in Texas.
U.S. shoots down Iranian drone
India strips Kashmir's special status.
Boris Johnson's surprise Brexit move.
The delivery company dropped a policy that effectively meant tips were going to it rather than workers.
“Guts,” Raina Telgemeier’s warm, funny and realistic new graphic memoir, hits home for parents and children trying to climb out of the abyss of worry.
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have proposed taxing the fortunes of America’s richest.
India strips Kashmir's special status.
Boris Johnson's surprise Brexit move.
The delivery company dropped a policy that effectively meant tips were going to it rather than workers.
“Guts,” Raina Telgemeier’s warm, funny and realistic new graphic memoir, hits home for parents and children trying to climb out of the abyss of worry.
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have proposed taxing the fortunes of America’s richest.
In “Super Pumped,” Mike Isaac describes the incredible rise and fall of Travis Kalanick, the chief executive of the world’s most infamous ride-sharing app.
Saad Hariri did not make the payments while he was prime minister, South African court records show, but the revelation is likely to tarnish his image.
Plus, WeWork’s chief executive steps down.
The Swedish 16-year-old sailed across the Atlantic on an emissions-free yacht to speak at the U.N. Climate Action Summit next month.
Promising Brexit, the new Conservative Party leader will take over with less political clout than just about any prime minister since World War II.
Restless mobility in search of opportunity is an American hallmark, but new Census Bureau data finds that more people, especially millennials, are staying put.
In Nashville, an architecture studio installs its headquarters in a former public library.
The government lowered the daytime speed limit on Dutch highways, to 62 miles per hour, in an attempt to cut nitrogen pollution.
The Harvard economist N. Gregory Mankiw, once an adviser to Republican leaders, has been disappointed by Trump. Here’s what he’s seeking in economic policy.
We interview two creative people in different fields in one wide-ranging conversation. This time: the producer and the musician.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn made efforts to dispel past impressions in speeches to Britain’s largest industry group.
Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who won this year’s Nobel Peace Prize, now faces an influential competitor — Jawar Mohammed, the founder of a media network and a former ally.
The appearance and disappearance of an inflammatory official video is likely to reflect divisions within the government, experts said.
India's onion politics.
Breaking the Brexit deadlock.
Breaking the Brexit deadlock.
Saudi Aramco, President Trump, WeWork.
Here’s what you need to know.
The White House released a memo about Mr. Trump’s congratulatory first call with President Volodymyr Zelensky.
A day after two students were killed at a school in Santa Clarita, Ca., a new bill will seek to have banks work with the government on financial activity related to firearms.
SoftBank poured money into start-ups that use armies of contractors. That has upended the lives of drivers, hotel operators and real estate agents around the world.
A leftist who had served longer than any other current head of state in Latin America, Mr. Morales lost his grip on power amid violent protests set off by a disputed election.
The policy change, for the virulent drug-resistant germ Candida auris, came as the C.D.C. reported that more people are dying of drug-resistant infections than it previously estimated.
Ihor Kolomoisky may be Ukraine’s most powerful businessman. With the impeachment spectacle rattling Kiev, he says it is time to give up on the West and rebuild ties with Moscow.
Mr. Morales was once a hugely popular leader, hailed by the nation’s Indigenous majority and the global left. Now, he’s been ousted from office, and it is unclear who will replace him.
Threatening, malicious, contemptuous of the law and public service: Trump to Ukraine is Trump in all departments.
Here’s what you need to know.
Interviews and portraits from six swing states indicate that the impeachment inquiry is revealing gulfs and divisions that are already part of the fabric of American life.
Thant Myint-U’s new book offers a deeper understanding of the country’s history and of the trajectory of its de facto political leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.
What started as a dispute over two jobs in Portland, Ore., escalated to a jury verdict that could devastate the storied International Longshore and Warehouse Union.
Advisers say the president pulled back from proposed restrictions intended to curb teenage vaping after he was warned of the political fallout among voters.
Greenwood survived the Black Wall Street massacre. It wasn’t going to back down when the dollar stores came to town.
If there’s a sure route to a second Trump term, it’s more of the liberal contempt that produced the “deplorables.”
Without tourism, it’s easy to imagine the Serengeti turned into cattle ranches.
As Democratic presidential candidates gather to debate on Wednesday night, Barack Obama is increasingly pressing a 2020 message: Focus on defeating President Trump and ditch the ideological purity.
Midwestern farmers criticized President Trump’s ethanol policy. After weeks of lobbying, the administration changed course.
The companies and security bureaus were barred from buying American products because of their roles in human rights violations against Muslim minorities, the Trump administration said.
Start-up investors are warning of a reckoning after the stumbles of some high-profile “unicorns.” Now turning a profit is in.
Support groups, Pell Grants, free college for adults — and more. A collection of views and news from a special report on Learning.
FEMA's buyout money goes disproportionately to high-income counties, new research shows. The findings raise concerns about fairness and efficiency. 
The justices could take up a case on whether the president can fire the heads of independent agencies like the Fed.
Analysts said the redeployment would betray America’s Syrian Kurdish allies, decrease American leverage in Syria and open a void that could benefit Iran, Russia and the Islamic State.
Getting stranger every day in every way.
A recent wave of selling has ended a relatively calm stretch for stock markets.
Key officials said they were open-minded about the need for further cuts. Then a flurry of bad economic data rolled in.
China’s state-run television canceled broadcasts of two preseason games scheduled to be held in the country this week.
An imagined conversation with Flyover Man.
The 81-year-old actress was charged with unlawful demonstration and was later released on her own recognizance, Capitol Police said.
A perpetual state of aggression on trade has been a drag on business decision-making, especially in manufacturing.
Buffeted by controversy, Canada’s prime minister is seeking a second term in a tight race.
Roland Berger, a prominent consultant, often spoke of his father as a moral inspiration and victim of the Gestapo. It turns out he was head bookkeeper for the Hitler Youth.
In the coca-growing region where the former Bolivian president got his political start, farmers are loyal to him — and demanding his return.
Whether you’re hitting the stores or buying online from your couch, we’re here to see you through all the doorbuster deals and Black Friday blowouts.
Immigration policies aimed at controlling the country’s southern border are also making it harder to cross up north.
The Makah are the only Native Americans with an explicit treaty right to hunt whales, but they have not been allowed to do so for 20 years. A recent proposal could change that.
The appearance and disappearance of an inflammatory official video is likely to reflect divisions within the government, experts said.
India's onion politics.
Breaking the Brexit deadlock.
Saudi Aramco, President Trump, WeWork.
Here’s what you need to know.
The White House released a memo about Mr. Trump’s congratulatory first call with President Volodymyr Zelensky.
A day after two students were killed at a school in Santa Clarita, Ca., a new bill will seek to have banks work with the government on financial activity related to firearms.
SoftBank poured money into start-ups that use armies of contractors. That has upended the lives of drivers, hotel operators and real estate agents around the world.
A leftist who had served longer than any other current head of state in Latin America, Mr. Morales lost his grip on power amid violent protests set off by a disputed election.
The policy change, for the virulent drug-resistant germ Candida auris, came as the C.D.C. reported that more people are dying of drug-resistant infections than it previously estimated.
Ihor Kolomoisky may be Ukraine’s most powerful businessman. With the impeachment spectacle rattling Kiev, he says it is time to give up on the West and rebuild ties with Moscow.
Mr. Morales was once a hugely popular leader, hailed by the nation’s Indigenous majority and the global left. Now, he’s been ousted from office, and it is unclear who will replace him.
In an appearance at the Economic Club of New York, the president overstated some of the economy’s gains on his watch, understated others and often cited inaccurate statistics.
Threatening, malicious, contemptuous of the law and public service: Trump to Ukraine is Trump in all departments.
Here’s what you need to know.
Interviews and portraits from six swing states indicate that the impeachment inquiry is revealing gulfs and divisions that are already part of the fabric of American life.
Advisers say the president pulled back from proposed restrictions intended to curb teenage vaping after he was warned of the political fallout among voters.
Greenwood survived the Black Wall Street massacre. It wasn’t going to back down when the dollar stores came to town.
If there’s a sure route to a second Trump term, it’s more of the liberal contempt that produced the “deplorables.”
Without tourism, it’s easy to imagine the Serengeti turned into cattle ranches.
Frequent fliers are responsible for two-thirds of all air travel, and therefore aviation emissions, in the United States, according to a new analysis.
The average airline passenger leaves behind about three pounds of waste each flight. One British design firm has ideas to bring down that number.
In the midst of a deep economic recession, the front-runner for the presidency has little relief to offer except to reunite a sharply polarized society.
The referendum to establish a largely white city called St. George on the edge of Baton Rouge, which is racially diverse, grew out of frustration over schools and local control.
Undecided voters in Ohio are focused on urgent bread-and-butter issues.
Adam Silver, the N.B.A. commissioner, also said the financial fallout from Morey’s tweet supporting Hong Kong protesters has been “substantial.”
A hard but necessary choice to save the country.
Boris Johnson, having failed in his do-or-die mission, must take Brexit back to the public.
Sure, he eked out a “win.” But it shouldn’t have even been a fight.
The protests started over a small transit fare increase, but have gained momentum over stagnant wages despite economic growth.
A recent wave of selling has ended a relatively calm stretch for stock markets.
Key officials said they were open-minded about the need for further cuts. Then a flurry of bad economic data rolled in.
China’s state-run television canceled broadcasts of two preseason games scheduled to be held in the country this week.
An imagined conversation with Flyover Man.
The 81-year-old actress was charged with unlawful demonstration and was later released on her own recognizance, Capitol Police said.
A perpetual state of aggression on trade has been a drag on business decision-making, especially in manufacturing.
Buffeted by controversy, Canada’s prime minister is seeking a second term in a tight race.
We can find billions of dollars to pay for universal health care if we look in the right places.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey said, “We will not forget this lack of respect” after receiving a letter from President Trump warning, “Don’t be a fool!”
Democratic Debate, Brexit, Rohingya: Here’s what you need to know.
After a typhoon’s record-breaking rains breached dozens of levees, the country is wondering whether even the costliest systems can be future-proofed for the age of climate change.
Showing unusual flexibility but keeping its red lines, Brussels agreed to a quick Brexit deal with Boris Johnson, and hopes he can pass it at home.
Frequent fliers are responsible for two-thirds of all air travel, and therefore aviation emissions, in the United States, according to a new analysis.
The average airline passenger leaves behind about three pounds of waste each flight. One British design firm has ideas to bring down that number.
In the midst of a deep economic recession, the front-runner for the presidency has little relief to offer except to reunite a sharply polarized society.
The referendum to establish a largely white city called St. George on the edge of Baton Rouge, which is racially diverse, grew out of frustration over schools and local control.
Undecided voters in Ohio are focused on urgent bread-and-butter issues.
Adam Silver, the N.B.A. commissioner, also said the financial fallout from Morey’s tweet supporting Hong Kong protesters has been “substantial.”
A hard but necessary choice to save the country.
Boris Johnson, having failed in his do-or-die mission, must take Brexit back to the public.
Enormous antigovernment demonstrations in Iraq and Lebanon, some tinged with hostility toward Iran, have suddenly put Iran’s interests at risk.
The 2020 campaign is obsessed with the wrong issue.
Even with the strongest labor market in half a century, getting work after losing it can still be a challenge.
Under Trump, the U.S. becomes the world’s fair-weather friend.
Plus, the N.B.A.’s multibillion-dollar relationship with China hits a snag.
The 2020 Democratic hopefuls will debate in a state that has voted for the winning presidential candidate every time since 1944, with one exception.
Earlier sanctions had already all but blocked Turkish steel makers from America. But tariffs could have a psychological effect.
While Trump divides the world.
As desperate Kurds ally with Assad in Syria, the specter of the Islamic State threatens again, and American power dims.
Rising sales and profitability suggest the country’s growing middle class still feels inclined to spend despite the trade war and other problems.
Travelers will need Real ID-compliant identification cards to board domestic flights starting Oct. 1, 2020. A new survey shows that the majority of Americans have IDs that won’t work.
Elliot Alderson prepares to bring down a shadowy mastermind in the final season of “Mr. Robot.” And the criminally enterprising Shelby family returns for a new season of “Peaky Blinders.”
The news, according to two people with knowledge of the attacks, followed a Microsoft report that said hackers had targeted a campaign, U.S. officials and journalists.
Parts of the American economy are in trouble, but the unemployment rate (3.5 percent) is at a five-decade low.
Since President Trump called for China to investigate the Bidens, Chinese media and officials have been notably muted. They have reason for caution, said experts.
The protests in Hong Kong accelerate the contradictions in Beijing.
President Hassan Rouhani campaigned on a promise to fight corruption, but long-running accusations against his brother have undermined him politically.
She describes her life story as the “American dream” and would have been the first Korean-American woman in Congress. After losing a congressional race by a very thin margin, she is back for a rematch.
Find out what efforts the region has made to boost a thriving, sustainable economy.
The quarter-point cut comes as the economy continues to show signs of slowing, but the Fed signaled that it may pause to weigh incoming data before adjusting rates again.
Leaders in Beijing have declared their aims are peaceful, but developments in Hong Kong, Xinjiang, Tibet and elsewhere — as well as a military parade — may indicate otherwise.
The United States is virtually the only developed nation without a comprehensive consumer data protection law and an independent agency to enforce it.
The heartland endures another mini-recession.
Russia sets its sights on Libya
The S&P 500 set a new high for the third time this week, while the Nasdaq composite also rose to a record.
Our village was built to create a peaceful place for women in Syria who have fled war and other hardships. But now our futures are full of danger.
Lawmakers voted down a measure to compress the timetable to debate the new withdrawal deal, in a rebuke to the prime minister.
The overall trade deficit continued to widen in the first nine months of 2019, suggesting that the global trade wars haven’t had the desired effect.
Things feel chillier in the executive suite than they do at the mall, and the future of a record expansion hangs in the balance.
The offering, valued at $10 billion to $15 billion, could help restore confidence after protests shook the territory’s economy.
Things feel chillier in the executive suite than they do at the mall, and the future of a record expansion hangs in the balance.
The offering, valued at $10 billion to $15 billion, could help restore confidence after protests shook the territory’s economy.
America is gone. Regional leaders have concluded Trump is all hat and no camel, a pawn of Saudi Arabia.
The country will hold its fourth national vote in four years on Sunday, amid concerns about falling turnout and unrest in Catalonia.
Hong Kong, Australia fires, Fed Cup: Here’s what you need to know.
A Bloomberg-Trump contest would be one between a maker and a faker.
Taylor Swift will be there. But tensions over trade and Hong Kong have made some U.S. retailers wary ahead of Singles Day.
Cockfighting will soon be outlawed, an overdue ban in the eyes of animal welfare advocates. But some Puerto Ricans maintain it is part of their culture.
It’s a big week for the impeachment inquiry — but the Democratic candidates aren’t talking about it.
The president of the Open Society Foundations dismisses the idea of populism in Budapest. Also: Accessibility in New York subways; figure-smoothing lingerie.
Leaders from around the globe tackle issues facing the evolving state of world democracy.
Several candidates criticized Senator Elizabeth Warren’s health care proposal and backed proposals to impose big taxes on the wealthy.
Analysts expect employers to have created 147,000 jobs last month. If that estimate comes true, it’d be a bright spot in a week full of bad economic news.
It once was clear what American businesses needed to avoid to succeed in China’s huge market. As the N.B.A. has shown, that’s no longer the case.
She has led the way, but all the candidates need to come clean about their health care proposals.
It may take an Iraq-style ‘surge’ to save Mexico from the drug-cartel insurgents.
Sick of round-the-clock work emails and Slack messages? Here’s some hope.
The armed operation targeting scientists in Moscow prompted outrage and questions about over-the-top actions by the country’s increasingly aggressive security forces.
We’ll never know for sure whether the risks were as great as the yield curve and other signs suggested.
Even with President Trump’s support, Matt Bevin’s poor showing in Kentucky served notice that unpopular candidates from a dominant party can struggle to survive.
Lawmakers voted down a measure to compress the timetable to debate the new withdrawal deal, in a rebuke to the prime minister.
The overall trade deficit continued to widen in the first nine months of 2019, suggesting that the global trade wars haven’t had the desired effect.
Things feel chillier in the executive suite than they do at the mall, and the future of a record expansion hangs in the balance.
The offering, valued at $10 billion to $15 billion, could help restore confidence after protests shook the territory’s economy.
America is gone. Regional leaders have concluded Trump is all hat and no camel, a pawn of Saudi Arabia.
The country will hold its fourth national vote in four years on Sunday, amid concerns about falling turnout and unrest in Catalonia.
Hong Kong, Australia fires, Fed Cup: Here’s what you need to know.
A Bloomberg-Trump contest would be one between a maker and a faker.
Taylor Swift will be there. But tensions over trade and Hong Kong have made some U.S. retailers wary ahead of Singles Day.
Cockfighting will soon be outlawed, an overdue ban in the eyes of animal welfare advocates. But some Puerto Ricans maintain it is part of their culture.
In a series of moves and comments, the president has stirred new turmoil into financial markets and the global economy.
Proposals from Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders have raised concerns from economists and business leaders who fear the plans would sap economic growth.
The president met with his economic advisers on Thursday as the United States and China moved closer to finishing a trade pact.
Courts have blocked other states from putting in place their work rules for recipients.
A $450 billion climate change proposal from Senator Chuck Schumer would give consumers vouchers to buy American-made electric and hybrid cars and trucks.
Whether Brexit would be good for business or not, the interminable nature of leaving the European Union has already created problems for those concerned about their livelihoods.
Thursday: A look at the moving pieces in the utility’s bankruptcy. Also: Zoe Lofgren, and a historic marionette theater.
A child psychologist says we need to impart the difference between feelings and actions. Also: Moving for a job; housing problems in the Bay Area.
Investors don’t expect the Republican-controlled Senate to remove President Trump from office, according to a survey by RBC Capital Markets.
Thursday: Here’s more on Loyola Marymount University before tonight’s Democratic presidential debate in Los Angeles. Also: Nancy Pelosi’s legacy, and a beach Christmas tree.
The candidates must know the quirks of California’s vast political geography.
In 1964, with “Seven Up!” Michael Apted stumbled into making what has become the most profound documentary series in the history of cinema. Fifty-five years later, the project is reaching its conclusion.
Moderators asked the 2020 candidates if they agreed with an assessment made recently by former President Obama about women being better leaders and “old men” needing to get out of the way.
The Indonesian government pushed back on an international study that found high levels of dioxin in a village where plastic is burned to produce tofu.
Officials said they had dismantled a major crime family within the ’Ndrangheta, the group based in the southern region of Calabria that is Italy’s most powerful mafia syndicate.
Boris Johnson’s victory has drawn in millions of former Labour voters whose vision of Brexit is far different from the Conservative establishment’s.
The strong showing is vindication for Boris Johnson, who now has a chance to put his personal stamp on Britain, beginning with Brexit.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
The British party’s collapse in its heartlands goes back much further than last week’s election.
Because nothing is just a gadget anymore.
Rising housing costs predate the tech bubble. And it will take more than Apple and Facebook’s billions to fix it.
Saudi Arabia’s state-owned oil company priced its offering at a level that would raise $25.6 billion, becoming the largest stock market debut on record.
The rise and fall of a former top contender.
So it is attacking democracy on the island from within.
Why does falling life expectancy track political orientation?
My brother dishes on Trump, impeachment and the 2020 field.
Global consumption of coal declined unexpectedly this year, but a surge in oil and gas pushed up greenhouse gas emissions over all.
Voters on Sunday are being asked to pick its first female leader or stay with a cast of politicians who have dominated a government long accused of corruption.
The country itself has become the wall. This has to change.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Stunning new atlases take you back to the worlds of 19th-century explorers, early aviators and turn-of-the-century London, and into a future of rising seas.
Saudi Arabia’s state-owned oil company priced its offering at a level that would raise $25.6 billion, becoming the largest stock market debut on record.
The rise and fall of a former top contender.
Rising housing costs predate the tech bubble. And it will take more than Apple and Facebook’s billions to fix it.
The country is without doubt on the precipice of disaster.
So it is attacking democracy on the island from within.
Why does falling life expectancy track political orientation?
Readers react to the annual Thanksgiving column by Maureen Dowd’s conservative brother.
The $16 billion acquisition would be the largest ever in the luxury sector.
The gold-standard shelter magazine runs on a brass-tacks budget and refuses to kowtow to the internet.
