Given what Trump is doing to our government, it’s a good thing he’s a very stable genius.
Officials on Tuesday said 92 percent of customers have power again on the United States Virgin Islands.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
The Knesset is considering proposals for annexing West Bank land — a step that would put Israeli security at risk in many ways.
As President Trump touts a more aggressive approach to trade, other countries are moving on with deals that do not include the United States.
Voters are getting tired of the chancellor’s opaque, uninspiring political style.
Let’s not pretend that Trump’s State of the Union performance matters.
The deal fell apart later in the day when the president and his chief of staff wanted more concessions on immigration.
No longer does the city dubbed “the swamp” by its inhabitant in chief have the starchy, insular appearance of a white male fiefdom. There’s a dynamism that, along with its fabled history, qualifies it as a great American city.
It has been endangered for some decades now, but his racist policies are hastening its demise.
Tuesday: A swan song from the governor, a tsunami watch for the coast, a billionaire’s push to impeach the president, Minnie Mouse, and two Hollywood signs.
The Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday that the debt limit will be hit a month earlier than it previously expected.
This week’s Canada letter looks at the decline in manufacturing and some remarkably clear images from the 19th century gold rushes.
Companies are announcing bonuses as a result of the tax cuts but it remains to be seen how much of that money will filter through to workers in the years to come.
A plan to charge drivers entering parts of Manhattan has upset officials from other boroughs. But transit advocates are fighting for the proposal.
The impulse to separate the economic from the political malaise risks missing the point.
Lawmakers from both parties see it as a state decision and vow to force the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, to back down.
Bad predictions of inflation are good for your career.
Americans want statesmanship, not schadenfreude.
In his first comments since the stock market plunged nearly 7 percent, Mr. Trump said the markets had overreacted to good economic news.
Roundworm eggs, shed by stray dogs, can be ingested by children playing outside. The worm’s larvae have been found in the brain, experts say, perhaps impairing development.
Iran is training thousands of militiamen in Syria and deploying drones and precision weapons. Its goal, say analysts: a united front in any war with Israel.
In a post-#MeToo world, how should journalists cover the red carpet? Here’s what we’re doing differently this year.
His success at passing tax cuts and the continued progress of the economy he inherited have not changed the dismal views that a sizable majority of Americans hold of their president.
A global tit-for-tat on trade could crimp economic growth, undermining the stimulative effects of President Trump’s deregulation push and his signature $1.5 trillion tax cut.
Conceived for an era of high gasoline prices, the F-150 has lost its fuel-efficiency selling point, while its key material has gotten costlier.
A surprise decision to exclude Florida, but not other states, from a plan to open up most of the nation’s coastline to offshore drilling raised questions about the plan’s legality.
Amid threats to divest Russian oligarchs of their valuable British assets, it’s worth noting just how hard that would be.
After years of professing fiscal discipline, Republicans are embracing budget deficits as the nation’s debt swells.
The Social Democrats will enter formal coalition talks with the chancellor’s Christian Democrats, but the party’s grass roots must approve a final deal.
Government and industry officials around the world warned of an escalating trade war, but President Trump doubled down on his vow, tweeting, “Trade wars are good, and easy to win.”
The woman long considered a de facto leader of Europe is set to remain in the chancellery for four more years. But the long-term stability of Germany is anything but certain.
A blueprint lays out steps to enhance the party’s authority over films, TV and newspapers, as well as foreign affairs and economic policy, among other areas.
The Chinese government’s move to tame an ambitious global deal maker reflects an official willingness to finally curb the country’s addiction to borrowing.
Boiled down, the philosophy is a blueprint for consolidating and strengthening power at three levels: the nation, the party and Mr. Xi himself.
The global cement giant Lafarge is facing accusations that it paid ISIS and other militant groups and put its employees at risk to preserve business in war-torn Syria.
The move by countries in Europe, as well as Australia and Canada, comes against the backdrop of rising support for protectionist practices in the White House.
This week’s Australia Letter features key takeaways from a discussion about democracy and populism with George Megalogenis and A.C. Grayling, plus what’s on Netflix in Australia this month.
The country reported higher annual growth, but implausibly smooth numbers prompt experts to look for other ways to assess the world’s No. 2 economy.
Liu He, an influential adviser to President Xi Jinping of China, pledges in a rare public appearance that Beijing will tame its debt within three years.
The choice of Yi Gang almost guarantees stability in policy as China tries to slow its rise in debt while avoiding any sharp deceleration in economic growth.
Beijing is pushing companies to sell more higher-value products, making fights over raw steel and aluminum more about China’s past than the future.
Broad levies taking direct aim at the two countries would most likely affect other trading partners of the United States, illustrating the complexity of global commerce.
This week’s newsletter asks: Where is integration working in Australia, where is it failing? What do you see in your daily life that signals where the country’s multicultural effort is heading?
Is the holiday a time when people of all backgrounds feel they belong or a day that celebrates colonization without regard for the colonized?
As a stock market plunge that began in the United States spread globally, the wild swings underscored how the American economy retains defining influence across the globe.
Jacob Zuma’s ouster as president is raising hopes of better fortunes for the nation’s moribund economy, but it will not happen easily.
The kingdom released several prominent citizens from detention and appeared to wrap up what it framed as an anticorruption campaign. Others called it a shakedown.
Saudi women have long had to content themselves with watching their favorite sports teams on television. But on Friday, women were allowed into a public stadium for the first time.
Mehmet Hakan Atilla, a Halkbank employee, was found guilty of aiding a scheme said to be approved at the highest levels of the Turkish government.
A broad feud over the country’s direction between hard-liners and moderates under President Rouhani is expanding into the environment, as water shortages loom.
The country has been gripped by a terrible drought, so a blizzard brought joy — although the relief was most likely only temporary.
President Trump used two days in Davos to assuage the worst fears about his presidency among the global elite while aggressively courting investment.
Whether a return to 19th-century-style geopolitics and great-power rivalry will help or hurt China’s global position is unclear.
There was no outright winner, but the likely result will be a government in Italy that is significantly less invested in a united Europe.
A look at the week’s developments in tech, plus a request: Which tech stories would you like to read more about?
The British firm Bell Pottinger, hired by three brothers now caught up in a nationwide corruption scandal, helped drive racial tensions to levels not felt since apartheid.
A longtime leader, the former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has allied with opposition figures he once repressed to try to get his old job back in a coming election.
Eleven countries signed a slimmed-down version of the Trans-Pacific Partnership as they try to counter Washington’s new protectionism.
Wheat farming has been the economic mainstay of Kimba, South Australia. Now, the town is bitterly split over a plan to host a medical nuclear waste site.
Voters came out in smaller numbers than the Kremlin had hoped, but the result showed that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia enjoys broad approval among the people.
HNA, burdened by debt after a global shopping spree, offers enticing returns to employees who invest back into the business.
The country’s political rivals have pledged to work together, but the people who suffered violence during their prolonged battles feel forgotten and betrayed.
Sometimes it seems as if we’re living under a constant barrage of heavy news. But it isn’t all bad out there.
The repeal of the Constitution’s presidential term limit upends the political order established after Mao, entrenching Xi Jinping and the Communist Party.
The fate of Ma Xiaohong, and the business empire she built on trade with North Korea, has become a measure of China’s willingness to confront its neighbor.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The wealth of 153 of the richest members of the National People’s Congress and its advisory body rose to $650 billion last year — just below Switzerland’s annual economic output.
Young Koreans are more focused on domestic issues, like unemployment and whether they can live as well as their parents did, than a costly and complex reunification.
Germany must end Chinese meddling in its hard-earned democracy.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The trade deficit that President Trump has often railed against hit historic highs last year.
A growing number of Chinese pharmaceutical companies are trying to break into the United States, seeking regulatory approval to offer their treatments for cancer and other ailments.
The Swedish entrepreneur practiced thrift and diligence, and he portrayed those traits as the basis for Ikea’s success.
The president, denouncing China’s trade practices, will announce a range of restrictions on Chinese imports and investment, raising concerns of a trade war.
Wu Xiaohui, one of the country’s most prominent tycoons, is almost certain to be convicted and could face life imprisonment.
Laurence Fink, the chief executive of BlackRock, the $6 trillion investment firm, plans to tell C.E.O.s in a letter that businesses must serve a social purpose.
Gamelike methods can effectively motivate workers, in the right circumstances. But as United Airlines recently showed, they can also be alienating.
Winter athletes like the cross-country skier Jessie Diggins are demanding action on climate change.
Some experts believe Germany is on the verge of refusing its own medicine on economic reform, a shift that would have major implications for Europe.
With the effects of climate change no longer theoretical, projections more dire and action lagging, some potential parents are hesitating.
Skyrocketing costs. A lawsuit with claims of misused millions of dollars. Contractors going without pay. Will taxpayers have to bail out this project?
The landmark settlement between Wells Fargo and the Fed shows regulators’ new emphasis on making board members responsible for their institutions’ conduct.
Floating villages spread across the surface of the Mekong River’s waterways, playing host to ethnic Vietnamese whose status in Cambodian society is perpetually adrift.
Mr. Pruitt may be using his position as an environmental deregulation czar to position himself to run for office in Oklahoma — or perhaps the presidency.
Without claiming a definitive link, a safety group said fatalities rose in states that legalized recreational use of cannabis. Elsewhere, they fell.
The announcement that North Korea would participate in the Games was welcomed in the South, but few believed that Mr. Kim was motivated by the Olympic spirit.
The Europeans are creating an add-on agreement that would extend the existing deal with tighter restrictions, hoping that it will satisfy President Trump.
The case of Carles Puigdemont could be a trial for Spain’s treatment of Catalan secession as a law enforcement matter, and for European cohesion.
In advanced industries like chip development, the rivals are vying for dominance in a fight that is as much about national security as economic might.
President Trump made good on his promise to honor the media’s “most corrupt & biased,” delivering his awards in a blog post.
Creating a single token requires as much electricity as two years’ worth of consumption by an average American home. Some enthusiasts believe that’s a problem.
Government officials are hoping to spur vitally needed imports like food and medicine and, perhaps, give investors a way of skirting American sanctions.
President Trump, who said he would team up with Representative Kevin Brady of Texas, offered no specifics on the plan. But what they appear to be talking about would be less than meets the eye.
President Trump said he will impose tariffs on about $60 billion worth of Chinese imports.
Fed policymakers are expected to increase the benchmark interest rate by a quarter-point and signal their view on whether the economy is overheating.
The CNBC commentator, who would replace the former Wall Street executive Gary D. Cohn, said Mr. Trump “regards himself as a free trader.”
A European Union plan would hit Silicon Valley’s technology giants especially hard, further straining relations with the United States over taxes and trade.
Having survived a slump, shale drilling is surging as prices recover, limiting market upheaval and providing Washington with strategic leeway.
As Beijing puts growing pressure on some of the country’s most ambitious companies, HNA rushes to sell assets to help pay back $90 billion in debt.
A day after markets fell more than 4 percent, Wall Street enjoyed a positive Tuesday as gains in consumer stocks helped stop a global sell-off.
The United States just started another epic borrowing binge. And if you borrow money — through a credit card, a mortgage or an auto loan — you could end up paying the price. 
U.S. stocks have ended their worst week since February 2016, as investors worried about rising interest rates after a long market boom.
Stock markets fell 2 percent Thursday, before a partial recovery. Investors are worried that the tariffs could disrupt global economic growth.
What you didn’t hear in the president’s State of the Union address. Also: The climate team taste-tests a fake burger.
A conversation with the oceanographer Sylvia Earle. Also this week: We ask automakers about climate science, and forecasters look forward to spring.
Also this week: Scientists win a $1 million prize for mapping peat. (Yes, peat.)
Five months after Hurricane Maria, businesses small and large are still grappling with a lack of electricity, worker shortages and a gutted tourism industry.
Riyadh plans to build a $300 million solar farm that would generate enough electricity to power around 40,000 homes, an example Saudi leaders hope will have positive consequences.
As global appreciation for high-quality, conscientiously sourced coffee has soared, taste pioneers like Peet's Coffee lead social change at the farm level. 
A shortage of candidates is providing opportunities to people long shunned by employers and is forcing recruiters to consider new approaches to hiring.
The finding could be good news for Republicans looking to the midterm elections, but less comfort for President Trump, who was given little credit.
Native American women are running for office in record numbers. Some are fighting pipelines. Others are fighting environmentalists.
Here’s how on issue after issue, the new secretary of state is too similar to the president.
Nearly a dozen special elections are being held in 2018 to fill vacancies left by lawmakers accused of sexual harassment or misconduct.
Nogales, Ariz., and Nogales, Mexico, are sister cities with shared history. The effect of the wall between them has been profound, but connections endure.
A tight labor market has lifted incomes. But recovering lost ground will require basic changes in economic dynamism and workers’ bargaining power.
The country, which missed out on some earlier technological shifts, is now scrambling to catch up as the world warms up to battery-powered vehicles.
A Detroit native looks homeward with ambitious plans to build a fashion center that he hopes will play a key part in the city’s economic renewal.
Has President Trump studied the Smoot-Hawley act of 1930? Or the McKinley tariff act of 1890? Maybe he should.
A provision in a Senate bill aimed at easing Dodd-Frank’s restrictions on smaller banks could pave the way for rollbacks for big banks, critics say.
The company cited the new tax law in announcing better pay and benefits, immersing itself in the partisan debate over tax policy. Then it closed 63 stores.
Rapid expansion of geothermal energy generation has helped increase electrical access in Kenya. But the country faces challenges in making electricity widely available.
Macy’s is the latest company trying to capture a piece of the lucrative Muslim clothing market, which was worth $254 billion globally in 2016.
A new company report blames a culture that focused on profitability for a falsified data scandal that has cast a shadow over Japan’s reputation for quality.
Getting companies to pay for the information they reap from people’s online lives will improve the data and may counteract a concentration of power.
Saudi officials to visit Wall Street this week, a report on Americans’ incomes and the New York auto show.
It depends on whether you look at the short, medium or long term.
Centrica reported a 17.4 percent fall in full-year operating profits, to 1.25 billion pounds.
New electrical architecture will help satisfy the demands of cars that are increasingly loaded with gadgets and will enable lower-cost hybrid drive systems.
The isotope is a cancer-detecting necessity, but it decays within days and isn’t made in North America. A company is rushing to build a plant in Wisconsin to change that.
Poultry tariffs applied by Europe more than a half-century ago may account for the expensive, gas-thirsty pickups in American driveways today.
Canadian readers tell us how they view Nafta and describe their vision of Canada’s path forward.
The government said foreign-owned, single-brand retailers would get more time to meet its requirements to sell products made by Indians.
The economy is humming and unemployment low, but many people still aren’t setting much aside for later. One program hopes to change that by offering the prospect of an extra reward.
China was mentioned only in broad terms when President Trump announced plans to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. But the world’s largest maker of steel was a major driver behind the action.
How the field is changing, and how it could help address a problem for men: The fastest-growing jobs are mostly done by women.
How Natasha Singer, a tech reporter at The Times, uses tech when she chronicles the industry’s effect on education, privacy and our health.
Mexico and Canada are expected to offer their own proposals in the Nafta talks. The government will estimate U.S. economic growth in the fourth quarter.
New “hyperscale” data centers from the tech giants, part of a wave of global development, helped lead Prineville to a path of recovery.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is trying to address rising demands for greater economic and social protections before national elections next year.
Stocks gyrated through the day, but ended on an upswing, about 1.4 percent higher. In global markets, Chinese stocks were among the biggest casualties.
The economics of the euro were as bad as expected, but it has proved politically durable.
America failed to win the war. But Saigon fell because its government failed to unite its people.
The new owner of the Trump International Hotel in Panama City wants the Trump brand gone. The president’s family business refuses. The standoff has not been pretty.
The way to answer cronyism in other countries isn’t to expand domestic cronyism.
To reverse extinction and save the planet, we must learn more about all its creatures.
Big victims: real estate, farmers, and anyone with a lot of leverage.
Markets like to look into the future, and with this latest trade policy, they don't like what they see.
Watch what he’s doing, not what he’s saying.
It’s very hard to change people’s minds, especially when so many are already committed partisans. 
The tourism authority, which lobbied against the ban, predicts visitor losses in the wake of recent restrictions.
Businesses are buying back stock to boost prices, giving dividends and pursuing mergers, not raising wages.
The search giant has been rolling out features and products to make planning and taking vacations easier.
Steven Pinker is what we need now.
The countries of East Asia may need to overcome their ethno-nationalistic resistance to immigration if they want to remain economic powerhouses.
How could South Africa’s new leadership affect your life? Please share your personal experience with The Times.
There are so many scandals in this administration that many aren’t getting the attention they deserve.
Democrats have grown too passive in taking on the Trump tax cuts.
Officials from the judiciary and law enforcement are teaming up to try to prevent voters from being misled, arguing that freedom of speech cannot come at the cost of a tainted election.
The delicacy once smothered local reefs in South Africa, but the shellfish has become more difficult to find as a result of overfishing, luring untrained divers into more deadly waters.
Last year El Salvador banned metal mining. Haiti should do the same.
Pennsylvania, China, steel and illusions. Here are his answers to some of your questions.
Picking out the watchmaker’s yacht during the Les Voiles de St. Barth won’t be hard. It’ll have a gigantic drawing of his Regatta watch on the sails.
President Michel Temer’s approval ratings have been in the single digits for months. But he says he has a legacy to defend. “It would be cowardly not to be a candidate,” he said.
It was about so much more than watching John Hughes movies and figuring out how to eat sushi.
A proposal to change the immigration system from family-based to skills-based could shrink a primary source of workers for the growing senior-care industry.
The grown-ups on the way out of Trump’s White House should tell us what they saw.
The sprawling, $1 billion showcase in Saudi Arabia was inspired by the geometries found in honeycombs and soap bubbles.
Mr. Navarro is in line for a promotion, sources close to the White House say, a sign more aggressive trade measures such as tariffs may be in store.
A bill being hammered out in Congress may provide up to $540 million for the crucial infrastructure project that President Trump had moved to defund.
Projects to fix vital rail lines shouldn’t be held hostage by the Trump administration.
Conventional wisdom says artificial intelligence will eliminate jobs. But it can also improve education and employment.
A new economy has arisen in the suburbs of Houston battered by storms: the buying and selling of flooded homes.
At a speech to farmers in Nashville on Monday, Mr. Trump claimed he had cut taxes by $5.5 trillion instead of the actual $1.5 trillion amount.
African nations are ahead of the U.S. in some respects.
An Alaskan senator wants to open millions of acres in the Tongass National Forest to road building and logging.
Companies free of competitive pressures, with the power to set prices largely at will, pad the bottom line at the expense of customers and workers.
The final Boeing 747 flight by any commercial United States airline took to the sky recently, with some tears and farewells. But a new life for the plane beckons. 
The Trump administration’s protectionist policies are prompting governments from Chile to Canada to forge closer ties with one another, and to seek more trade with China and Europe.
The Fed is likely to get a new chairman next month, but there are still two job openings just below that post. President Trump controls one. Opponents see the other as an opportunity.
Mr. Cohn, the White House’s top economic adviser, was a voice for mainstream economic policies and a key gatekeeper for corporate executives.
A trade war could slam an economy that relies heavily on exports, while limits on Australian products could test a century-old political relationship.
President Trump is a public figure like no other, and his unique — and polarizing — effect on mass psychology makes economic predictions even tougher than usual.
Democrats at the bipartisan meeting voiced support for the president’s proposal to restrict imports of steel and aluminum, while Republicans urged caution.
They may keep passengers happy, but the entertainment systems are expensive and add bulk and weight to the seats. Plus, travelers are bringing their own devices.
Though wages are growing sluggishly over all, some of the strongest increases are in blue-collar and service industries as employers vie for help.
America has a productivity problem. One explanation may be the growing use of real resources to make virtual products.
In the ’80s and ’90s, Daniel Day used Gucci’s logo without permission to create coveted “knockups.” Now, the couturier and the luxury brand have teamed up to create an appointment-only boutique.
A plan to revamp how digital revenue is taxed in Europe is expected. Dropbox is poised to go public, and tariffs on steel and aluminum will go into effect.
Beyond facilitating a $130,000 payment to silence a pornographic film actress, Donald Trump’s lawyer spent years making aggressive behind-the-scenes efforts to protect him.
Partisans and analysts are compiling data on how companies are spending their tax savings, in order to score political points and bend corporate behavior.
The employees of Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase may benefit from a new insurance scheme. But the rest of us could suffer.
Bryant Neal Vinas, a convicted terrorist, thought he would be rewarded for telling the F.B.I. everything he knew. Instead, he is living unprotected in New York.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, conscious of how much his country’s economy relies on the United States, remained calm and firm.
President Trump is finally following through on the trade crackdowns that terrify Republican leaders in Congress and many economists.
Myanmar’s civilian leader has failed “to condemn or stop the military’s brutal campaign” against the minority Rohingya population, the museum said.
More patients can be treated at home or in doctors’ offices, and that’s a good thing.
