A good way to improve a sales powerhouse is to add more power. With a turbocharged engine, the 2017 Exclaim model makes the boxy Soul more satisfying.
The city, which was hit hard by slumping oil prices, has overhauled its night life, infrastructure and parks in hopes of becoming a world-class destination.
President Trump told corporate leaders that they could face tariffs if they don’t bring back manufacturing jobs, but he is fighting against larger market forces.
Can Trump reshape the Republican Party to address the concerns of working-class voters? His agenda may be too backward looking to succeed.
A countrywide, top-down corporate culture stifles South Korean innovation and may have contributed to the company’s problems, critics say.
The triumph of anti-Europeans in Britain and Donald J. Trump in the United States has galvanized the Continent’s far-right parties, who are wooing disillusioned voters.
Data suggests many of the nation’s economic fundamentals are solid, and economists say the president-elect’s agenda won’t alter the more worrisome trend lines.
San Francisco has the lowest share of children of the country’s largest cities, a longstanding trend reinforced by a tech industry that skews young and single.
A Minneapolis entrepreneur had help from the community as she sought to make hijabs that girls could wear on the playing field.
Investors who made the correct — and often bold — calls of last year see opportunities in the uncharted waters of the year ahead.
Minutes of its December meeting offer more evidence that the central bank sees itself as a counterweight to campaign promises on tax cuts and spending.
Current leaders on all sides must be given a graceful exit and guarantees they won’t face criminal prosecution.
Jay Y. Lee, the de facto head of Samsung, is accused of ordering large payments to the family of President Park Geun-hye’s confidante and two foundations.
Prosecutors have called for the arrest of Jay Y. Lee, the de facto head of Samsung, one of the country’s top companies.
The nation’s capital is used to presidential transitions, but it seems particularly unsteady and on edge with Donald J. Trump about to enter the White House.
States like California and New York have been leaders in curbing carbon emissions from energy. But to achieve their goals, both may need to embrace nuclear power.
With the Canadian prime minister’s image in need of some polishing, his January town-hall tour has all the earmarks of a campaign to reconnect with voters.
Max Baucus, the ambassador to China, and five others told Congress in an open letter that the United States should not cede its position in Asia-Pacific trade to China.
Donald Trump’s approval numbers are dismal, but there may be something about his appeal that is not captured in the traditional ratings.
Jon Ralston, a journalist known for his confrontational style, is starting The Nevada Independent, saying he sees an appetite for more sources of news.
Why a huge government investment in robots may be a great way to help American workers.
The United States’ southern neighbor must convince President Trump that if he blows up the trade agreement, his country will suffer, too.
The wrestler Kisenosato has become the first Japanese athlete to receive the sport’s highest title, yokozuna, since 1998.
Thae Yong-ho, the highest-ranking official in years to flee, said that the regime’s control was weakening as a result of corruption and popular discontent.
The political tide might seem unfavorable for electric cars and solar panels, but the new president may see them as part of a job-producing future.
Shaun Harper offers a path for colleges and universities struggling with racism.
Mexicans called President Trump’s push to build a wall “an offense to Mexico,” a “slap in the face” and a “monument to lies.”
Mr. Perry had believed that, as energy secretary, he would be a global ambassador for oil and gas. In reality, he would be overseeing nuclear weapons.
Cabinet meetings are not held and government decisions are put off during President Robert Mugabe’s annual extended trips to Asia, which are funded by the nation.
It is hard to resist the 355 horsepower and 343 pound-feet of torque served up by the M40i.
Investors continue to pour money into exchange-traded funds as they pull money out of traditional stock-picking mutual funds.
Automakers are expected to ask the incoming Trump administration to review the decision by federal regulators to maintain standards for reducing harmful emissions.
Ms. Fox wrote for all ages, offering closely observed portraits of loss and abandonment. It was terrain she knew all too well.
Fannie Mae is now backing single-family home rentals, a sign that the government-sponsored mortgage entities are still alive after being left for dead.
A group of senior Republican figures, led by James A. Baker III, says that taxing carbon emissions is the fairest way to address a warming climate.
Traditional pensions have grown scarcer, life expectancies are generally greater and, for workers of all ages, planning is more important than ever.
People demand an end to the pervasive bribery that warps the political culture and saps the economy.
It takes compromise-oriented technocrats to make policy and pass laws, but there are few of those kinds of Republicans in Congress today.
The Trump administration’s expected move on emissions and mileage targets would remove a costly mandate, though some efficiency efforts would proceed.
Pickups aren’t just big, they’re big business. The Ram 1500, with an engine note that announces its presence, can be better equipped than some luxury sedans.
Internet sites now make it possible for you to rent out your home for parties, corporate events and photo shoots.
The world’s two most compelling populists have more in common than some might admit.
Daniela Alulema and her family — one legally in America, two not — feel the tension among fellow immigrants and are apprehensive about the future.
Masayoshi Son’s SoftBank Vision Fund could be described as a front for Saudi Arabia, and a contradiction to President Trump’s nationalistic rhetoric.
Once again, President Trump criticized the media for not telling the truth, then offered several misleading claims.
The Supreme Court nominee, Neil M. Gorsuch, is a critic of Chevron deference, a doctrine that says courts should defer to a federal agency’s interpretation of the law.
President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines said Tuesday that he would continue his antidrug crackdown, ignoring calls by human rights groups for a criminal investigation.
Economists traditionally dominate policy making in Washington, but they don’t have all the answers. Sociologists have a lot to teach us.
Big banks are pushing for new agreements on the customer data they share with technology start-ups like Mint and Betterment.
The Trump administration, backed by California Republicans, is withholding a $647 million federal grant for the electrification project, which has immediate consequences for the system’s 65,000 daily commuters.
A single road near the border in upstate New York helped a reporter gain insights into the surge of migrants into Canada.
News of the provisional deal provides a welcome respite for the Russian energy company, and the government in Moscow, but the company still has serious issues.
Goodbye and good riddance to President Park Geun-hye.
Nationalists seem convinced that they would win a new referendum, thanks largely to Britain’s vote to leave the European Union.
After a three-year drought of initial public offerings amid economic and political upheaval, some expect that more than a dozen deals will be filed by the end of the year.
It was the last state to emerge from the recession, but now its unemployment rate is down and political interest in its Democratic governor is up.
Executives in Toledo, Ohio, say their prospects are better under President Trump, citing his promises of fewer regulations and lower taxes and health care costs.
As the line between live and work blurs, residential developers invest in co-working spaces.
Mr. Fallon presented what he called the White House version of the party game “two truths and a lie.”
Wilbur Ross’s interactions with Russians at the Bank of Cyprus, where he was vice chairman, suggest he was more interested in forcing them out than working with them.
King Salman has traveled to Asia with 1,500 people, six Boeing jets and a military plane with 506 tons of cargo, including two Mercedes limos.
Masayoshi Son of SoftBank is weighing possible deals to bolster Sprint, which could allow aggressive investment in wireless networks in the United States.
Former Gov. Steve Beshear of Kentucky gave the Democratic response to President Trump’s first address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday. Here are his remarks.
The challenge for the two defendants in a conspiracy and securities fraud case will be to persuade a judge that separate trials are necessary.
The president said money for his big increase in military spending would come from a “a revved-up economy.” Economists offer a less rosy forecast.
Labour suffered a major setback in Copeland, a longtime stronghold for the party, but its win over Paul Nuttall in Stoke-on-Trent Central was a blow to the populist UKIP.
While President Trump promises to curb immigration, research suggests a straightforward way to bulk up the economy would be to let more immigrants in.
Not since the Reagan administration has Washington moved so quickly to nullify so many federal regulations.
More than half of the ultra-wealthy are self-made billionaires. The chance of joining their ranks remains incredibly slim.
The executive order has had repercussions for the professionals who oversee and coordinate everything from small board meetings to huge conventions.
When nearly everyone who can work has work, that’s a good thing. But when all the skilled labor is engaged, continued recovery becomes challenging.
Trump administration officials at a Group of 20 summit rejected concerns about spreading protectionism and made clear that the new administration would seek different approaches to global commerce.
The two presidential hopefuls clashed over immigration, integration and France’s role in the world.
All the political news makes it easy to overlook a quieter development: more signals of significant economic momentum.
The arrest of Mr. Lee, Samsung’s de facto leader, is a dramatic turn in South Korea’s struggle to end collusive ties between the government and conglomerates.
The arrest of Samsung’s de facto top executive intensifies the spotlight on a group of families that enjoy immense economic and political power.
South Korea grows tired of the power of its biggest companies, but critics worry that the tight links between business and politics will survive.
The billionaire investor’s Trian fund took a big position in the consumer products giant but didn’t disclose plans to increase shareholder returns.
Trump calls the deal terrible. But his aides know a frontal assault on it would divide us from our negotiating partners in Europe, China and Russia.
Evercore, Greenhill and Lazard beat earnings expectations but resilience will require confident clients this year.
The congressional action aims to reverse a regulation issued by the Obama administration to protect waterways from debris generated by surface mining.
President Trump has ordered that for every new regulation imposed, two old ones must go. It’s an intriguing idea but a misguided one.
For the first time since 2007, more than 40,000 were killed in crashes last year, a safety group estimated, pointing to lax law enforcement as a factor.
Mr. Kennedy, who won his Senate seat in a runoff in December, spoke with The Times about what his and President Trump’s victories say about a disillusioned middle class.
A potential deal, with PSA Group of France, would create a European rival to Volkswagen and free G.M. to concentrate on new technologies.
The president’s spokesman says Trump has been “incredibly tough” on Russia, but those watching from Kiev aren’t so sure.
In its first meeting since President Trump took office, the Federal Reserve said that the nation’s slow-and-steady economic expansion had continued.
In an unusually strong expression of humility, the executive, John Cryan, conceded “serious errors” as the German bank absorbs large legal settlements.
Times journalists visit a former ISIS stronghold and find it struggling to recover. Residents feel angry and abandoned, and militant attacks have resumed.
The presidential candidate François Fillon is in deep trouble over payments to his wife and children. But there is a long history of such cozy arrangements.
Tehran is moving cautiously, keen to avoid provoking a conflict. But one analyst says, “For this Trump, we need to talk and act tough.”
Bombshell executive orders from the president have dampened investors’ hopes of quick economic growth, at least for now.
People expressed dismay at a gathering that included several ex-military rulers, and leaders that some partly blamed for corruption, misrule and instability.
As more cities and states raise their minimum wages, researchers question how much difference the changes will make for the working poor.
The president-elect said only “stupid” people would reject an embrace of Russia, which has been anything but a willing partner of the United States for years.
The European Union’s statistics agency is expected to show an overall rate that’s steady at 9.8 percent, and several large lenders will report on their fourth quarters.
The overall number of fatalities dropped only slightly last year as pedestrian deaths rose, leading some to question whether Bill de Blasio’s safety campaign has stalled.
The S90 does something more than just offer safety and a Swedish vibe. It competes against the established luxury brands for the first time.
The tiny country assumed the six-month rotating presidency of a 28-nation bloc that is facing enormous strain.
“The New Celebrity Apprentice,” hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger, will debut Monday. And hiring data will come Friday. Economists estimate that employers added 175,000 jobs in December.
The be-your-own-boss promises of Uber, Lyft and other services came with a steep downside.
Great reads from around the web, from Gerry Mullany, Anna Dubenko and others.
The opposition Labour leader said he was “not wedded to freedom of movement” in the European Union, opening the way to supporting a so-called soft Brexit.
Yes, Israel did build a West Bank barrier. But it was to deter terrorists. It was never intended to stop all Palestinians from crossing into Israel.
In 2005, Honda dropped the body style that defined the original Civic in the United States in the ’70s. What is old is new again.
The Canadian Prime Minister and President Trump will have their first meeting on Monday, and the Fed chairwoman will discuss the bank’s monetary policy.
A tour in Lower Manhattan on a cold winter day is a somber and empowering course in the history of slavery — and the fight against it.
A vote in the House of Commons was not the final verdict, but with 498 for and 114 against, any efforts to slow Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union appeared certain to fail.
The actions constituted a broad effort to loosen rules enacted after the financial crisis that restrict the way Wall Street can operate.
There are many ways to measure the health of the labor market in addition to the best-known one.
A look at the news of the week, including a remembrance of victims in Quebec City, and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s handling of the new U.S. administration.
A handful of reporters and photographers dedicate their nights to following the trail of blood in the Philippines’ deadly drug war.
The president repeated misleading statements on the vetting of refugees entering the United States and on the crime rate.
The vice president also said he backed the president’s decision to seek the resignation of his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn.
The president, Adama Barrow, had fled to neighboring Senegal more than a week earlier after Yahya Jammeh, his defeated predecessor, refused to cede power.
Ant, the payment arm of the e-commerce giant Alibaba, has a deal to buy the American money transmitting business for $880 million.
A fixation on standard (and lately sluggish) measures of growth may obscure more profound advances in the nation’s innovation and well-being.
The cancellation of his trip to the United States ended months of diplomacy for a leader caught between his people and an unpredictable, and at times hostile, American president.
Even when offended, some looked past Donald J. Trump’s flaws to issues like jobs and immigration. Distrust of Hillary Clinton and a liking for Ivanka Trump also helped.
A judge warned that if Ms. Park was not quickly taken into custody, the former president might “destroy evidence.”
Europe’s top human rights body called on the government to provide more aid to women, children and the Traveler community, a historically excluded group.
David Enrich’s story of Britain’s Libor banking scandal reveals a financial culture in which success is defined by the outcome of the next trade.
Dozens of federal inspectors have been arrested and charged with accepting bribes to ignore the adulteration or expiration of processed foods and falsifying sanitary permits.
Uncertainty over the trade deal is hitting the country hard, pinching off foreign investment and lowering growth expectations.
A fresh idea by Jeffrey Wechsler.
The Democratic governor, Roy Cooper, is seeking common ground with a Republican legislature even as he fights off its efforts to curb his power.
As Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson heads to Beijing, his interactions with his hosts, and whether he takes a hard line with China over its support for North Korea, will be closely watched.
With new vehicles averaging $34,000, sometimes a model just a few years older can offer considerable savings — if you don’t mind slightly older technology.
Saudi Arabia is aiming to increase the company’s appeal to international investors as it gets ready to sell a 5 percent stake.
The youthfulness of the anticorruption protesters across Russia this weekend surprised even organizers, and clearly rattled the government of Vladimir V. Putin.
The writer recounted the story of the Baroness de Pontalba, a New Orleans-born heiress shot by her French father-in-law in a dowry dispute.
Mr. Navalny was arrested on Sunday during mass anticorruption protests across Russia that he had helped to inspire on social media.
Richard Nelson’s trilogy of plays, “The Gabriels: Election Year in the Life of One Family,” is on BroadwayHD.com. And “Bones” ends its run on Fox.
Cutting benefits and training won’t help working-class voters hit by disruptions in trade or address its toll on families, job prospects and longevity.
President Trump, who meets with the Egyptian president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, on Monday, will not allow human rights conflicts to become public, the White House said.
Investigators said employees at two food-processing giants paid inspectors to look the other way and allow rotten meals to be served in schools.
Sometimes the only way to push technology advances is through rules. Loosening the ones on fuel economy could leave the car industry out of step with the future.
As European Union leaders, minus Britain, go to Rome to celebrate 60 years, the bloc is divided and divergent, anxious that it represents the past.
The backing of rules adopted in the Obama administration is one of the most direct moves so far to blunt President Trump’s effort to roll back regulations.
Laird Hunt’s novel “The Evening Road,” set in 1930s Indiana, tells the story of a white woman, a black woman and a lynching.
Han Kang’s “Human Acts” revisits a 1980 uprising against South Korea’s authoritarian rule.
In “Reagan Rising,” Craig Shirley describes how Ronald Reagan and the New Right brought the G.O.P. back from the brink of extinction.
Andreas Weigend, in “Data for the People,” and Kevin Mitnick, in “The Art of Invisibility,” are alarmed about data mining and the loss of privacy.
Every year you age, health care technology changes — usually for the better, but always at higher cost.
While much of Europe has complained about the European Union, Bulgarians paint a different picture, with the Balkan country viewing the bloc as a major positive.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
The emerging, and dangerous, new form of crony capitalism.
Comparing his performance with that of other presidents: Things could have been much worse, and at the start, they were.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
The new president continued dismantling his predecessor’s policies by clearing the way for a project at the heart of the battle over climate change.
Congressional Budget Office projections reveal the strain that the debt will have on the economy as President Trump embarks on plans to slash taxes and ramp up spending.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
A total of 17.55 million vehicles were sold, but struggling passenger car sales, reliance on sales incentives, and a new administration raise questions.
His presidency’s transformative promise created both fears and expectations that he failed to manage.
Power brokers are in the Swiss Alps to discuss how to make globalization more lucrative, but there is no appetite for redistributing wealth or empowering workers.
As Donald J. Trump prepares for his inauguration, nominees to his administration are shedding assets to avoid potential conflicts of interest.
The global elites, perplexed by the rise of populism threatening to upend globalization, have expressed worries over what the new political order will mean.
A government lawsuit accusing Navient of misleading borrowers raises issues similar to those that tripped up subprime lenders a decade ago.
People in red counties resent the attention cities get — and don’t care for liberals.
Three of the top-performing mutual funds for the fourth quarter stuck with stocks much longer than most do. That paid off.
Centrists in Iran will have a harder time without Ayatollah Rafsanjani’s help.
Vague promises are not enough when we are considering enormous changes in our $3 trillion medical economy.
Though President-elect Donald J. Trump has railed against media company mergers, conservatives and liberals say they see no proof he will worry about the rise of megacompanies.
Mexico must be prepared to shed its historically conciliatory stance.
Two decades ago, the state was facing the stresses of an ethnic and cultural shift, and it lashed out at diversity before embracing it.
President-elect Donald J. Trump detailed his plans to distance himself from his business operations, but they have been deemed inadequate.
Economists lament the ways that physical currency enables tax avoidance and crime. But for most people, cash offers an increasingly rare form of freedom.
“And how can the national debt be up by 88 percent while the federal deficit is down by 58 percent?” Patricia Cohen, a Times reporter, explains.
The announcement of the new role for Mr. Giuliani, who wanted to be secretary of state, came almost as an afterthought.
The Turkish leader, however, often takes a firmer line with domestic audiences than with foreign ones, and diplomats said they remained cautiously optimistic.
Today’s populists don’t want to nationalize industry. They want to nationalize the elite.
More than two dozen inmates were killed and many were mutilated, the authorities said. The country is reeling from a wave of bloody inmate violence.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
President Trump’s early actions are a strategic gift to America’s rivals and enemies.
A bill in the Legislature would go beyond the Affordable Care Act and may serve as a model for other states.
A transformation of the delivery of health care may be an enduring legacy for the president, even as Republicans plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Natalie Massenet, who left Net-a-Porter after its merger with Yoox, likes Farfetch’s middleman approach to online luxury sales.
Employers added 227,000 to payrolls, but pay gains were scant despite increases in minimum-wage laws. The jobless rate ticked up to 4.8 percent.
All wars have unintended consequences, including culture wars.
Mr. Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker, will help overhaul the tax code, reshape financial regulations and renegotiate trade deals.
The president’s failure to push through broad health care overhaul has raised questions about the prospects of a sweeping rewrite of the tax code.
Here are some of the voices of those central to environmental policy who have denied the effects of human-caused climate change.
Restaurants in the capital are backing a campaign that asks foreign-born people not to work or shop in a demonstration of their economic importance.
Attention has been focused on the damage to the British economy, but that is hardly the only consequence.
As technology has grown more pervasive in the world -- driving  business, the economy, the way we live and work, and infusing popular culture -- the reporting, writing and storytelling about the subject in many publications has become commoditized, incremental and insidery. We are looking for hard-charging and creative journalists who share our mission and are driven to pursue journalism that makes a difference.
The decision at the start of the new administration was a signal that the president plans to follow through on promises to be aggressive with foreign competitors.
If Trump is serious about balancing imports and exports, he needs to think bigger.
That the Dow Jones industrial average reached the 20,000 mark shows that even with market collapses in previous decades, investors who held on to a core portfolio of large American stocks did pretty well.
Following the departure of his superstar teammate, Russell Westbrook was left to lead the Oklahoma City Thunder all by himself. That’s when something special happened.
It will only politicize science.
Sure, the latest terrible idea to come out of the Trump White House would hurt Mexico. But there would be plenty of collateral damage for Americans.
The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.
Mr. Nakamura made a business of amusement, starting with wooden horses and culminating with the creation of a company that developed one of the most successful video games ever.
The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans.
President Trump definitely wants to build a wall along the border, but we don’t yet know how the wall would be paid for.
The president, trying to move quickly to construct a border wall and reopen C.I.A. prisons, will most likely find that implementing policy is not as easy as the stroke of a pen.
What matters is not whether the deficit is rising or falling, but why.
Scott Pruitt seems intent on building an E.P.A. leadership that is fundamentally at odds with the officials who carry out the agency’s missions.
The people pinning their hopes on the German chancellor to defend the liberal world order don’t know Angela Merkel.
Danny Lyon’s photograph of prisoners toiling in a cotton field can be better understood alongside other images of labor.
