The real estate market in St. Martin continues to rebound after stagnating during the worldwide economic downtown in 2008; oceanfront property is the hardest to come by.
Donald Maloney, 60, who hailed from a family of New York mariners, died when his vessel, the Sea Bear, sank along the South Shore of Long Island.
The S.U.V. is built on the chassis of the F-150 pickup and has replaced its V8 with a more powerful EcoBoost V6.
Weary of the 24-second cycle of Internet memes and viral distractions, some willingly brave the social cost of seeming out of touch.
Climate change and local waste and mismanagement have led to an alarmingly rapid depletion of Pakistan’s water supply, the minister for water and energy said.
For America to supply Kiev with weapons would only make Russia a more reckless adversary.
Backers of “Something Rotten!,” “It Shoulda Been You” and “Hand to God” hope jokes (and puppet sex) will fill the seats.
A federal judge will determine if a provision of the company’s July 2009 bankruptcy agreement shields it from lawsuits over a defective ignition switch.
The 4-year-old girl, Adele Biton, died after severe pneumonia that relatives said was complicated by neurological trauma caused by the attack.
The crash in oil prices has devastated an economy already severely weakened by corruption at the top.
When it comes to learning, there’s a thin line between luxury and necessity.
Quirky, a company that uses crowdsourcing to create and refine products, could be a model for bringing ideas to market in a faster, more efficient way.
Three months before Britain's general election, a comedian has provided some welcome relief to the campaigns.
A presidential election between a lousy incumbent and a former autocratic leader was postponed because of fears over the safety of voters, but that may not help matters.
Greek debt and the lessons of history.
“Vivacious Lady” is a good place to start when contemplating the charms of Ginger Rogers.
Local officials see Western travel warnings as a reason for the collapse of tourism and hope that they will not become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Markus Nierth, 46, the mayor of Tröglitz, stepped down after the authorities declined to block a far-right demonstration outside his home.
A meeting next week between Greece’s prime minister and Russia’s president raises questions as European leaders said a reform plan had fallen short.
The new listing is the biggest in Asia so far this year as brokerage firms’ shares rise along with the boom.
OAS is the third big Petrobras subcontractor to request a bankruptcy court’s protection as an investigation into a pay-for-play scheme continues.
Inequality, robots, secular stagnation and the role of the Federal Reserve are all topics we’d love to know his thoughts on. Also, baseball.
Sunday’s election was seen as a rebuke of the Socialists, who were ousted from long-held seats, and were left uncertain about how to regain popular support.
Suddenly, the country is dominating the sport.
Bold action, by America in particular, could make a big difference in saving the country's young democracy.
The Hedge Clippers activist group works to publicize the ways hedge funds bleed the economy through self-interested practice, then extend the damage through the lavish purchase of political influence.
The next president has to take on Boko Haram.
On his last full day as Texas governor, Mr. Perry reflected on his 14 years in office and said he would decide within five months whether to run for president.
To avoid a disastrous Greek exit from the eurozone, refinance its debt.
The radical left party Syriza should be able to reach a deal with Greece's European creditors to avoid bankruptcy.
With a presidential election only weeks away, Boko Haram’s unchecked rampaging is helping to propel a former military ruler to the forefront.
European leaders must hear the unambiguous message from voters: Greeks will not continue to abide by the austerity regime.
The government said it would cut $8.3 billion, sharply reducing the budget of the state oil company and effectively canceling a bullet train project at the center of a conflict-of-interest scandal.
The city’s desegregation program, built on a voluntary school transfer plan and a vibrant system of magnet schools, should inspire politicians in New York.
Companies from Uber to Airbnb are rating their customers on degrees of promptness and politeness, but who owns the data that details good and bad behavior?
President Obama’s self-assured State of the Union address Tuesday reflected his sense of being liberated and emboldened, White House aides said.
Hundreds of program providers have seized on a growing interest in interning abroad, adding numerous bells and whistles that cost students.
A small group of wealthy philanthropists will give the money to various groups with a regional focus that will guide states in reducing warming gases from electricity generation.
Economic forces, not OPEC, now set prices.
Buoyant in defeat, President Obama ascends to the mountaintop to throw thunderbolts at Republicans.
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida are in all-out battle this weekend to tap into the billion-dollar donor network once harnessed by Mitt Romney.
The defeat of the Islamist militants suggests that momentum in the nearly six-year war against Boko Haram may finally be shifting.
Other events this week include results of E.U. hearings on a trade agreement, an opinion on a quantitative easing plan in Europe and retail and food-services sales figures in the United States.
A selection of inexpensive bottles that won’t be found on the main highways of wine.
At issue is not whether the bank buys bonds of eurozone governments, but how the program is designed and whether it is seen as credible.
China will release its fourth-quarter growth on Monday night, and on Thursday the European Central Bank is expected to start its bond-buying program; IBM and General Electric will report results.
On Monday, automakers reported strong December and annual sales, and on Friday, the Labor Department will report on job creation and unemployment.
Practical brides take to renting or selling their gowns.
President Obama’s proposal to make community college tuition-free could be crucial in the information age. It needs to be taken seriously.
In the fixed-income market, 2014 was frustrating only for bond bears who have been waiting since 2009 for interest rates to rise.
Prokhorov, who owns 80 percent of the team and 45 percent of its arena, would have a chance to turn his $223 million investment into a profit of $1 billion or more.
The problem is especially urgent in Buffalo, where federal officials are promoting minority access to the better parts of a dysfunctional system.
Restrict it through the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Economic leaders made the 2008 financial crisis worse through a combination of misinterpreted history and missed opportunities, a new book argues.
What the occupation of a Belgrade theater shows about the relationship between capital and culture.
Why, despite President Obama’s moves toward greater regulation of Internet providers, cable companies’ share prices have continued to go up.
A rewilding of the land permits, if we choose, a partial rewilding of our own lives.
President Obama will use his State of the Union address Tuesday to call on Congress to raise taxes and fees on the wealthiest taxpayers to finance the tax cuts, administration officials said on Saturday.
The Federal Reserve is playing a mind game — but with enormous real-world consequences. 
Athens promised to go after wealthy tax evaders, but that’s the easy part. What’s harder is reshaping tycoons’ domination of parts of the economy.
A wave of explosions killed a passer-by and wounded at least nine other people early Thursday morning across the Nile from Cairo, raising alarms about a pattern of attacks by diffuse groups against retail stores.
The Fed, not the White House, typically holds the reins. But is this time different?
Rents for prime offices in Tokyo continued to rise in November from October, but in Osaka they were flat, and those in all other major cities fell.
Reporters in Boston, Los Angeles, Washington and San Francisco describe the local mind-set as the U.S.O.C. decides which finalist to back as a potential host city. The Games will be awarded in 2017.
The euro's continued plunge, to a nine-year low against the dollar, came on the same day that global oil prices also resumed their descent.
Habib Essid served in a variety of government positions under the autocratic President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali, who was ousted in 2011.
Why the N.F.L.’s savvy capitalists threaten to move to Los Angeles.
Which candidates are true reformers, and which are just giving reform lip service?
Ms. Yellen said the next step would be an announcement that the Federal Reserve would begin to consider raising its benchmark rate at each policy-making meeting.
The European Commission said it recommended what amounted to a two-year extension for France to cut its deficit, which exceeds a 3 percent ceiling.
The Conservative Political Action Conference has added question–and-answer periods to satisfy a desire for White House aspirants to move beyond the red meat of their stump speeches.
Purchasing managers reported improvement in demand, leading companies to add workers at the fastest pace since 2011, according to Markit Economics.
The report defines which problems need urgent attention, and what can be accomplished under the current administration.
Republicans are scrambling to outmuscle one another on national security issues, potentially imperiling the candidacy of Senator Rand Paul, who favors a more restrained approach.
Other business stories to look for in the coming week include Comcast’s fourth-quarter earnings and an F.C.C. vote on net neutrality.
Bigger businesses, more innovation and foreign investment are the key. But Syriza seems to be against all that.
At a hearing, the Federal Reserve chairwoman defended the Fed’s actions and warned against proposals to constrain its independence.
Guidance from the Federal Reserve and corporations could help investors who are concerned with what will happen to their money, but there is little evidence it has been useful.
“Dynamic scoring” is the wrong way to estimate government revenues.
In doing “whatever it takes” to save the eurozone, the head of the European Central Bank now risks dividing it.
The feminist mantra that never was.
If it doesn’t invest in newcomers, family and work, it’s doomed.
Families who rely on it make themselves poorer, so isn’t that true of nations? No, it isn’t.
A new study found that when it rains or snows, employees performing menial tasks work more rapidly and accurately.
The case against the former International Monetary Fund chief appeared to fall apart when five of the six plaintiffs retracted their accusations against him.
The vehicle, which shares its architecture with the Buick Encore, is like a small hatchback dressed in North Face gear.
The move toward embracing deeper capital markets shows a sentiment in financial circles that regulators and policy makers should shift their focus to encouraging market growth.
The West has underestimated the recruiting appeal of the jihadists' savage propaganda videos.
Some officials were concerned that raising rates prematurely might threaten the apparent economic recovery.
Touring a lush region of New Mexico, where a fight over oil exploration could change the valley’s face forever.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said he did not think punitive measures imposed on Iran would be lifted as part of his country’s nuclear talks with world powers.
A hugely popular annual program featuring folkloric figures is embraced for its light, but sharp, mockery of official misdoings.
Did a recent political battle over a promise to provide sufficient energy to the masses show that South Africa had nudged bigger issues aside? Not quite.
The political adviser reflects on his years with Barack Obama.
One defector's lies shouldn't distract from Pyongyang's atrocities.
In the dead of night, a professor confronts forces he can’t explain.
The world’s largest steel maker felt the effects of a sharp fall in iron ore prices, and its rival ThyssenKrupp posted a modest profit.
Cairo’s airstrike against the Islamic State could endanger the United Nations’ fragile peace effort.
Prime Minister Li Keqiang lowered the country’s yearly target for economic growth and announced efforts to reduce China’s dependence on government-led infrastructure investment, heavy industry and low-end exports.
They simply bolster Vladimir Putin's popularity while undermining those Russians who want to modernize their country.
An army of workers has been holed up for days in a subterranean space, proofreading and preparing to print 10,000 copies of what many hope will be a momentous and politically risky plan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal may go far beyond issues like tariffs and quotas. Lawmakers have a responsibility to give negotiators clear instructions.
Donations to the Clinton Foundation from nations with poor records on women’s rights are causing problems for a candidate expected to run in part as the embodiment of women’s aspirations.
Employment figures will come on Monday for the eurozone, and on Friday for the United States; automakers will report their February sales.
With deep problems very apparent at the state prison, the Justice Department should examine the case of a savage beating of an inmate in August 2011.
China’s central bank made the announcement on its website, saying that the one-year bank lending rate would drop 0.25 percentage point to 5.35 percent.
The former mayor of New York suggests that the Obama administration negotiate directly with Canada on a climate pact.
The underlying challenges facing black workers are unlikely to be solved by monetary policy.
The transcripts from 2009 show more than just how some of the nation’s top economic policy makers arrived at their decisions.
Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, has tried to forge a deal between the parties to push the Trans Pacific Partnership.
The president’s senior adviser and confidante on immigration, working with Republicans and whether she’s the Democratic Dick Cheney.
Investors are showing increased interest in avoiding companies that clash with their beliefs and in putting money into projects that could do some good, whatever the return.
The shift on the left from human capital progressivism to redistributionist progressivism is potent, damaging and based on a misinterpretation of the data.
The killing of Boris Y. Nemtsov leaves Russia’s critics at a crossroads over whether and how they take a role in the nation’s political life.
Welcome to President Maduro's hall of mirrors of economic mismanagement.
In an interview aired on Sunday, President Obama said gaps still existed in reaching what he termed an “extraordinarily reasonable deal,” but he hinted his optimism despite concerns about the terms at home and in Israel.
This story ran in The New York Times Magazine on May 30, 1965, almost three months after the attacks on demonstrators at the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Ala.
Athens is coming up with radical ways to fill its shortfall as it nears a deadline to meet financial obligations, including wiring tourists, students and housekeepers to catch tax evaders.
The Fed should continue to hold off on raising rates until wages are growing in tandem with inflation and productivity.
There is growing demand for new warehouse and distribution space near the nation’s fourth-largest container port.
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras says the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development will help Greece create jobs and cut bureaucracy.
Demonstrators marching toward the central bank in Frankfurt set cars on fire in a rally against European austerity programs and capitalism.
February’s Consumer Price Index data will be released on Tuesday. Later in the week, Facebook will hold its annual conference for app developers and Janet L. Yellen will speak in San Francisco.
As foreign investors clamored for a piece of China’s real estate boom, it was easy to overlook the type of risk that brought down the property developer Kaisa.
A new enforcement program would attempt to track fish from where they were caught to how they were shipped.
President Dilma Rousseff, who has been an underwhelming leader, would be wise to spend more energy looking outward.
Elections are generally won and lost on fundamentals, like the economy and demographics. But that is not to say that campaigns don’t matter — they do.
A conference meant to showcase President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi’s economic reforms also included signs of his government’s continued dependence on the monarchies that aided his rise to power.
Even with a college degree, opportunities are still scarce.
Discussions about a new loan agreement seem to be going even worse than expected.
Stewart F. Lane and Bonnie Comley have lived in their duplex for some 18 years.
The long, biracial history of “We Shall Overcome.”
The prospect of paying for water, which many see as yet another new tax at a time when the government has assured them that austerity is over, has prompted mass protests.
The conflict so far is actually bolstering the U.S.-led international order.
The 40 percent gain in the dollar's value against the Colombian peso since July has given buyers and renters with dollars some added purchasing power.
The European authorities arrested 77 people accused of running a network smuggling in immigrants from Kosovo to countries in Western Europe.
The new show, on the National Geographic Channel, can be thought of as data-mining television.
The men had been having a dispute over the future of two state-owned companies in which the governor owned a minority stake.
The West is not alone in struggling to understand why young men like Islam Yaken, raised in homes that would never condone violence, are joining the Islamic State.
With winter weather more unpredictable in many parts of the world, companies offering tours through ice and snow find an uneven effect on business.
Excerpts from and analysis of rules and explanations released by the Federal Communications Commission regarding an Open Internet.
Britain's economy expanded at a faster pace than previously thought at the end of last year, helped by strong growth in exports.  With just five weeks to go until a closely-fought national election, the news could boost the government's chances. Ciara Lee reports.
After several years of growth in excess of 10 percent, car sales in Russia shrank in 2014 due to Russia's sanctions-hit economy. As Sonia Legg reports, many auto makers are being forced to restructure their Russian operations.
America’s energy hub prays for the cost of gasoline to rise.
The debate over stimulus vs. austerity misses the point.
Even excluding the $25 billion Alibaba offering, a phenomenon in its own right, the value of worldwide initial public offerings was up nearly 36 percent over 2013.
The author discusses how China has avoided the instability that urbanization has brought to many other countries around the world.
Argentina made an informal offer to settle a debt dispute with a group of New York hedge funds, but the country is still asking the bondholders to accept less than they are seeking.
Japanification has already happened.
While the report from the state-run news agency Xinhua on the dismissal of the Nanjing party chief, Yang Weize, provided little detail, other Chinese news outlets are filling in the gaps.
Business and political leaders called on governments to set clear goals so companies are prompted to act before the problems of climate change become irreversible.
A series of investments by some of the tech industry’s biggest companies may sound odd, but they point to larger ambitions in moving giant amounts of data.
Should students have a right to higher education, the way they now have a right to elementary and secondary education?
Maybe, back when we had so much more of it, I left enough money in a coat pocket to buy the gallon of milk I can’t afford now.
The company is part of the so-called on-demand economy, start-up companies that let customers order anything — food, cars, alcohol — and have it delivered directly to their homes in hours.
Confidence!
Eighteen percent said government leadership was the nation’s most important problem.
It’s all about the nagging.
Legal expenses declined in the fourth quarter of 2014, but the bank struggled with difficult trading conditions.
The bond market is flashing warning signs as higher prices create lower yields.
The new Senate majority leader said “the uptick appears to coincide” with “the expectation of a new Republican Congress.”
Mark Carney, the governor of the Bank of England, says the measures regulators have taken to strengthen the banking system will protect the global economy, but some skeptics remain.
Mark Carney said he supported the European Central Bank’s decision to buy bonds to stimulate the European economy. At home, he faces a different situation.
Fading growth and falling prices will overwhelm the stimulus from central banks, says Andy Mukherjee of Reuters Breakingviews.
Goldman Sachs’s investments are testing the Volcker Rule. | The European Central Bank is expected to announce it will begin its bond-buying program. | Uber closes $1.6 billion in financing from clients of Goldman’s private wealth arm. | Regulators address “too big to fail.”
Bank of America reports uninspiring fourth-quarter results. | New York’s attorney general seeks expanded reporting on data breaches. | A strategy in the fight over Dodd-Frank. | BlackBerry’s stock goes on a wild ride.
Profit rose 2 percent, to $5.71 billion, and revenue increased 4 percent as the bank continued to lend more money and decrease the amount it set aside to cover soured loans.
The delay in the I.P.O. comes as emerging market companies have suffered as investors fear slowing growth, even though low oil prices are helping airlines.
Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. Today, great reads from Jodi Kantor, Patrick LaForge and others.
Falling profits on crude oil are likely to leave some companies unable to repay loans, and the banks that have exuberantly extended credit to them may feel the pinch.
Yahoo plans to spin off its stake in Alibaba. | The outcome of the fight over DuPont could define shareholder activism. | U.S. strengths are hurting American multinational corporations. | Thieves steal gold nuggets from Wells Fargo museum.
Exercise can help keep the pounds off after weight loss, and weight training may be particularly beneficial, a new study shows.
The partnership will provide financing for U.S. manufacturers to buy products and supplies through Alibaba.com.
President Obama’s budget calls for a lower overall tax rate, but also for a one-time 14 percent tax on all cash sitting overseas.
The ride-hailing service is partnering with Carnegie Mellon University, a hotbed for research in robotics and other artificial intelligence.
Even in the final months of the Civil War, Southern whites were buying and selling human beings.
The Chinese leader is determined to shield the country from the fate of the Soviet Union, but his approach is fraught with danger, according to the Harvard scholar.
A new report drives home just how excessive Wall Street bonuses are.
William Julius Wilson was right.
Warren E. Buffett’s annual letter to shareholders seemed to amp up the pugnacity against the financial industry. | JPMorgan’s business tilts toward the consumer side. | Barclays posts an annual loss. | Britain’s elite are still benefiting from an old tax law.
“Those kinds of restrictive practices, I think, would, ironically, hurt the Chinese economy over the long term,” President Obama said of China’s regulations on foreign technology companies.
The rules, among other things, require companies that sell computer equipment to Chinese banks to turn over secret source code, submit to invasive audits and build so-called back doors into hardware and software.
In a wide-ranging interview, Sebastião Salgado discusses a new documentary that tracks his path from childhood in Brazil to witnessing some of the greatest stories of his age.
Growth under Democrats? Inconceivable!
S.&P.’s settlement leaves the future unclear for ratings. | A lesson for deal makers. | Smucker announces it will buy Big Heart Pet Brands. | Staples and Office Depot are in advanced talks to combine.
The police arrested about a dozen people and used pepper spray to subdue hundreds of protesters who had gathered in a mall to accost shoppers from across the border.
The nation’s biggest banks pass the Fed’s latest stress tests. | AbbVie goes on the defensive after deal for cancer drug maker. | Bidders show interest in the government’s third Bitcoin auction. | Nasdaq’s long climb back to 5,000.
Critical elements of Puerto Rico’s plan to avert financial disaster are in jeopardy, after a federal judge struck down a law that allowed the government to restructure certain debts.
A panel of experts finds too many risks in techniques for blocking sunlight to justify this method in countering global warming.
How is this supposed to happen, exactly?
We seem eager to sprinkle math-related terms as liberally as possible in our prose, but casual usage is more likely to suggest fuzziness or even laziness than rigor and precision.
Intellectual and moral decline.
Slavery and oppression of nonwhites were built into the foundations of the United States, and they didn’t end in 1865.
Sesame Credit Management will use data on online spending habits to try make credit more easily available to millions of consumers across China.
What associations do you have with the idea of “community college”? Who, if anyone, do you know who has been to a community college? What was the experience like for that person? Would you consider attending one?
The success story nobody believes in.
European officials hand Athens an ultimatum. | A shifting roster at Preet Bharara’s elite Wall Street unit. | Liberty Global is reported to be a takeover target. | The government is being secretive about its decision to expropriate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac earnings.
Some surprising good news.
The online bazaar Etsy files its first I.P.O. prospectus. | AbbVie scoops up Pharmacyclics. | What to know about the bank stress tests. | Britain’s Serious Fraud Office is investigating the Bank of England.
Can batteries spark a clean-energy revolution? A new book says, maybe.
