With a lighter, aluminum-based frame, the XF packs plenty of pep and torque, and with its 8-speed transmission, achieves reasonable fuel economy.
The president said Friday that the United States economy is “the strongest, most durable” in the world, showing a rise in wages and a decline in unemployment.
The minister of the economy, Luis Salas, declared an "economic state of emergency" as Venezuela struggled with falling oil prices and a worsening crisis at home.
In these highlights from his last State of the Union address, Mr. Obama discusses the economy, climate change and terrorism.
Residents talk about the collapse of the naira, Nigeria's currency, caused by the slump in oil revenues, which are crucial for Africa’s biggest economy.
Judging a president by the overall strength of the economy is a common, but flawed, approach.
The number of people who get insurance this year through the Affordable Care Act’s public marketplaces is expected to be 13 million, down from a prior projection of 21 million.
The former leader of Ivory Coast will be the first ex-president to be tried by the court when it opens on Thursday.
Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index staged a forceful rebound, closing 5.9 percent higher, and the momentum carried over to Europe. Oil was also up.
Los Angeles has a supply of old office and industrial buildings that are being turned into “creative spaces” for companies seeking an airy, sleek workplace.
Militants descended Saturday evening on the small village of Dalori, where they unleashed a torrent of gunfire, set homes ablaze, blew up fleeing residents and abducted children.
The United States and the European Union have deemed refugees and Syria more important than Turkish democracy. That’s a mistake.
The drinking water may have exposed tens of thousands of people to lead and other toxic chemicals. But few see a way to pick up and move someplace safe.
It may be a political football for presidential candidates, but the liveliest debate recently about the Trans-Pacific Partnership is among blue-ribbon economists.
Laurence D. Fink of BlackRock urged 500 chief executives in a letter to stop providing quarterly earnings estimates.
Having tried to mobilize the public in its favor, Airbnb offers to collect $200 million in hotel taxes for cities.
The major indexes in the United States were all down more than 3 percent but then staged a turnaround in the final hour.
The presidential candidate will not be at the World Economic Forum. But the force behind his unlikely campaign for the White House will be a focus.
Netanyahu and Rubio are wrong. Toughness is no more than empty aggression when it will not admit to misjudgment.
A 60-second ad titled “This House” presents Mrs. Clinton as the “one candidate for president who has everything it takes to do every part of the job.”
After the sudden closure of a shoe factory, a migrant worker heads back to his home in the countryside. China has been hit hard by the slowing economy.
A 2005 mandate requiring oil refiners to blend ethanol into gasoline has been a boondoggle for the rest of the country, and could face a congressional vote on its future.
A huge fire reduced Edwards Virginia Smokehouse to rubble, and the loss of its famed hams has had ripple effects far beyond the state.
The president seeks $4 billion to help states expand in an area he views as critical to young people’s success in a changing job market.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Whether or not negotiators reach a pact by Feb. 1 on how companies like Google and Facebook use Europeans’ online data, Isabelle Falque-Pierrotin is in a position to propel privacy protection efforts.
Worsening economic conditions in 2010 led the Federal Reserve to act to try to avoid a new recession or a deflationary trap.
Saudi Arabia and other oil-producing nations are relying on sovereign wealth funds because of falling oil prices.
The president has said he will seek more encounters in his last year with people who disagree with him, though recent events have drawn supportive crowds.
The country’s opposition-led Parliament will need robust international support to make headway on needed reforms.
As an oil glut grows despite production cuts, investors worry about a slowdown in the global economy.
Reports in some state-run news outlets in China are riddled with euphemisms, and other sources have largely focused on the mechanics of the election.
Crude was trading below $30 a barrel as worries of a worsening glut weighed on investors.
The Commerce Department said sales fell 0.1 percent in December, raising concerns about the economic recovery.
The administration unveiled a plan aimed at extracting more money from companies for mining on federal land and using that revenue to help coal communities train for new jobs.
They said they would focus on national security, the economy, health care, poverty and the Constitution after a meeting in Baltimore.
The Obama administration yielded to opposition from coastal communities from Virginia to Georgia but dashed the hopes of many of those states’ leaders.
FleetCor, based in Georgia, said it was impressed with how its acquisition, Serviços e Tecnologia de Pagamentos, has fared during Brazil’s downturn.
A prolific writer and popular public speaker, Mr. Thurow sounded an early alarm about the growing income gap between rich and poor Americans.
The explanation may be that for all its controversy and imperfections, the sweeping law has taken hold.
Exclusive automakers like Jaguar, Rolls-Royce, Bentley and Lamborghini are giving in to the marketplace and bringing sport utility vehicles to America.
He says while the 2014 protests failed to gain any concessions from Beijing, social justice has now replaced social status on the people’s list of priorities.
Two of Wall Street’s main gauges are down 10 percent from their most recent high, which is called a correction, and the Dow is close.
Although there are difficult challenges ahead, President Obama’s pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran over the nuclear threat has so far paid off.
To protect the global economy, Washington needs to send Beijing a clear message.
A divergence in the figures on hiring and output might be explained in part by the changing nature of the American economy.
The regional business issues and parochial peeves that once shaped early primary contests are rapidly losing clout in this election season.
The bursting of the bubble did not cause the recession. The Fed did.
With Puerto Rico’s power authority $9 billion in debt and the commonwealth owing $72 billion, free electricity may end.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Officials from the group announced that they would convene a meeting on Monday to decide whether to declare a public health emergency.
At least 15 states offer public education funding incentives for certain high-demand degrees — and humanities majors are not among them.
The island nation has mounted an aggressive response to illegal fishing in their waters. How they protect themselves may help the rest of the world save all of the oceans.
It’s not clear that it would even be legal in the United States.
Saudi Arabia, Russia, Venezuela and Qatar agreed to hold production steady as a way to bolster energy prices. But they will proceed only if others do.
Recovering from her loss in New Hampshire, Mrs. Clinton projected confidence as she debated Bernie Sanders, challenging him on issues beyond income inequality.
Faced with dwindling populations and rising costs, tiny localities like Cary Plantation find that their only salvation might be in dissolving themselves.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Worried that an advantage in immigration law may end as the United States restores relations with their country, many Cubans have rushed off the island, only to be stalled in Central America.
Despite a raft of stimulus measures, China’s economy is faltering as companies like shipbuilders increasingly lose business.
The case of five employees of a publishing house calls into question the legal guarantee that people in Hong Kong would be shielded from China’s reach until midcentury.
As hundreds of volunteers fanned out across the state to knock on doors, the Democratic candidates campaigned in vote-rich counties in eastern Iowa.
Two-thirds of the population is under 30, and that generation has outgrown the authoritarian style and patronage system of Prime Minister Hun Sen.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
After his defeat of Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday, Bernie Sanders will have a chance to prove himself in a state as racially diverse as Iowa and New Hampshire are not.
The United States and its allies called for an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council after North Korea defied warnings with the launch.
With Syrians fleeing the civil war by the tens of thousands, neighboring countries like Jordan are increasingly overwhelmed and reluctant to let them in.
As a referendum on membership looms, support for “Brexit” is growing.
Backers of Hillary Clinton, nervous about a surging Senator Bernie Sanders, are warning that he could send other Democrats in tight races to defeat.
The pathogens that frighten me most are novel strains of avian influenza.
Bucolic scenes cast President Xi Jinping as a paternal leader in the mold of Mao, at home with rustic virtues, but those images do not match reality.
The nature of marriage is changing, and that is contributing to income inequality, research shows.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
London is a center of global trading, and most banking executives say they would have much to lose from a so-called Brexit. But some see benefits.
Tumult in emerging markets and the commodities sectors could create both real and psychological hits to an economy that is already growing sluggishly.
The number of Islamic State fighters in Libya has grown to between 5,000 and 6,500, Pentagon officials said, more than double the estimate of last fall.
It all depends on what currency you use to keep track.
It’s past time to restart prison education programs, providing the marketable skills that keep past offenders from returning to jail.
The branch offices of three Russian banks were firebombed or looted over the weekend, and some of the attacks by Ukrainian nationalists.
While FanDuel and DraftKings look the other way, a small set of sophisticated high rollers is preying upon millions of innocent newbies — like me — every day.
Even a feud between two leading petroleum producers may not faze a world awash in cheap oil.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Aides to Mr. McConnell said the bill would provide a new platform for showcasing what Republicans view as Mr. Obama’s failings in combating the Islamic State.
With iPhone sales projected to decelerate, investors will be scouring Apple’s earnings report on Tuesday for signs of how fast the company’s downshift is happening.
In moderation, consumer debt can help encourage economic activity, but in excess, it can create bubbles that threaten the economy.
More investors are committing money to socially responsible funds, and companies are rolling out offerings. But it can be hard to determine what funds will and won’t invest in.
As the price of oil has declined, one investor is betting that the price of land will, too. So he is raising a $100 million private equity fund to buy Texas ranches.
Reports in Iran’s news media that linked a visit by the Turkish president to Saudi Arabia with the kingdom’s execution of a Shiite cleric stirred anger in Turkey.
In a move that would have political and demographic motives, the kingdom is considering its strategy while the price of oil remains low.
Spoiler: It’s Inflation, which can help Hollywood promote its successes, and which can increase the Fed’s ability to stimulate the economy.
Mr. Obama said the legislation would “reverse the significant progress we have made in improving health care in America.”
People in Taiwan are increasingly worried that growing cross-strait trade and investment are making the island dangerously dependent on China.
As human resource departments look to reward employees without paying more, the idea of team-building through offsite gatherings is growing in popularity.
More than 1,000 people shared their thoughts about the country’s direction under its new right-wing government. Here is a selection.
The vast changes wrought by technology have not expanded economic opportunities or improved access to basic public services in ways that many had expected.
Much of the improvement in profit came from continuing cuts to the bank’s expenses and work force.
How President Obama’s economic message contrasts with what the 2016 candidates are saying.
Top high-yield bond funds, a.k.a. junk funds, are down as much as 11 percent since summer of 2014, and market volatility points conservative investors toward safer bets.
Angus’ Cafe Bistro, a restaurant on West 44th Street, attracted stars and producers of ‘The Producers’ as investors and patrons.
Ratings and running times are in parentheses; foreign films have English subtitles. Full reviews of all current releases: nytimes.com/movies.
No one can accurately predict the short-term path of the stock market. But even if no single reliable indicator exists, there are some signs to watch.
President Paul Kagame backers abroad should pay more attention to the country’s worsening human rights abuses.
The Stock Trader’s Almanac first posited that January markets can foretell the direction of the trading year, but statistics experts say causation is impossible to prove — or disprove.
The declines came as President Vladimir Putin said that the drops had a positive side, in that they would lead Russia to improve financial policies.
If anyone can save these billionaires from the cultural penalty box, it just might be Showtime and its new show starring Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti.
The speech attempted to lift Americans above the miasma of a brutal presidential campaign to reflect on the nation’s achievements and resilience.
Overseas assets and commodities have performed so poorly, for so long, that maybe the time has come for relief.
Many countries signaled that they would take a measured approach, sympathizing with Saudi Arabia, a powerful ally, but also trying to avoid a conflict with Iran.
The campaign has released a new ad in New Hampshire that focuses on illegal immigration.
An armed group that is occupying a wildlife reserve in Oregon has called for Washington to hand control of federal lands to ranchers and local governments.
As companies like General Electric and Hasbro experiment with seeking ideas and funding from the masses, Indiegogo has started offering them consulting services.
Mayor Bill de Blasio is set to announce on Wednesday a $15-an-hour minimum wage for New York City’s public work force that city officials said would be among the highest of its kind in the country.
But the bank’s fourth-quarter results were muted somewhat by the impact of dropping oil prices.
The nation is recasting itself as a glamour and eco-tourism destination, but its African-inflected culture is what lulls you.
The bank said it was streamlining its operations there so it could place greater emphasis on its corporate arm, which is larger and more profitable.
The illusions of the G.O.P. elite may be no better than those of the leading candidate.
The $2.5 billion proposal might require a bridge between Greenpoint, Brooklyn, and Long Island City, Queens, and another one over the Gowanus Canal near Red Hook, Brooklyn.
Faustin Archange Touadéra, a former prime minister, was declared the winner of the presidential election in the Central African Republic, which emerged from a civil war with a devastated economy.
The sprawling encampment under a highway, known as the Jungle, has become harder for Seattle residents to ignore as conditions deteriorate.
A Chilean-born activist in the East End created Voz Latina, a bilingual newspaper, hoping to engage Latinos and build connections with English-speaking residents.
There are no guarantees that leaders in Brussels will reach a deal to convince Britain to stay in the bloc, and Prime Minister David Cameron could also face a tough campaign to avoid an exit.
Breaking with a 41-year-old tradition, the Republican chairmen of the House and Senate budget committees said they would not invite the president’s budget director to testify on the proposal.
The Fed chairwoman, testifying before Congress, reiterated the central bank’s gradual approach to interest-rate increases.
While not a surprise, Representative Sander Levin’s stance could encourage other Democrats to reject the agreement, a White House priority.
Protecting your belongings and making sure of insurance are important steps to take, experts say.
Chinese investors are still nervous about the markets, even after Beijing replaced the top securities regulator.
American power still counts but no longer clinches the deal. We have no business building other nations.
President Hassan Rouhani and his allies seem to have run strongly in voting for Parliament and Iran’s clerical panel, though official results are pending.
With Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton, among others, the company is struggling as a result of the slowdown in China and other countries that had driven global growth.
The Venezuelan president should realize that his options will only get worse if he doesn't start working with the National Assembly.
A paper by a group of economists argues that the Federal Reserve’s efforts to speak more clearly about its plans for monetary policy set up markets for disappointments.
As Chinese companies look to get more currency out of China by buying American companies, the United States’ Committee on Foreign Investment’s review of those deals is coming under scrutiny.
João Santana, a campaign strategist for the nation’s last two presidents, has been accused in the widening Petrobras corruption scandal.
A proposal for a monthly broadband subsidy for low-income households is expected to be approved by the F.C.C.’s commissioners later this month.
Mr. Dana, 56, is the president and chief executive of Onex Real Estate Partners, the real estate arm of Onex, one of Canada’s largest private equity firms.
Last week’s election was a victory for pragmatism. Is that what the country needs in order to reform?
Ms. Pritzker, the commerce secretary, discussed the difficulties in reconciling differing privacy protections in Europe and the United States.
The presidential race began to shift in earnest to the industrial Midwest on Friday, offering a preview of what the general election might look like.
Hillary Clinton, campaigning in Michigan before the Tuesday primary, also offered proposals to strip tax benefits from companies that move jobs overseas.
While the White House denies any internal disagreement over its legal battle with Apple, the differences in the administration have become increasingly apparent.
Generations of fans offered recollections and images from their personal Bob Dylan archives: vinyl records, his mother’s autograph, a backstage bottle of bourbon.
Scholars distill the rival theories fleshed out by Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders as they compete for the Democratic nomination.
The Pew Research Center found that religious and social divisions in Israel are reflected in “starkly contrasting positions on many public policy questions.”
Research shows higher deductibles reduce spending, but it does not show that they lead workers to compare prices or make wise choices on where to cut.
Bad debts have been a drag on economic activity ever since the financial crisis of 2008, but the threat appears to be rising, and China is the biggest source of worry.
The friendly deal comes four years after Lowe’s was unsuccessful in a hostile bid to expand in Canada by buying Rona.
Many critical medical facilities are minimally prepared for disasters.
Regarded in Germany as a national asset and a symbol of economic might, Deutsche Bank now sits at the center of the “too big to fail” debate.
Chinese interest in American tech companies, like the failed bid for Fairchild Semiconductor, is drawing scrutiny from the White House and Congress.
Mohamed A. El-Erian, the former Pimco chief, says serious investment in the “real economy” is needed, and only Congress and the White House can do it.
The mayor’s speech did not convey an overarching theme in service of a single policy initiative as much as it offered proposals that the city could do largely on its own.
When players like Jackson Martínez and Alex Teixeira leave Europe for China, it is just the latest stop in a career path that started when they left home while young.
The New Hampshire primary victories of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump are rooted in decades of failure by politicians to improve American lives.
Mylan is buying greater exposure to over-the-counter products, which represent 40 percent of Meda’s product sales, and an entry into emerging markets.
An exodus of capital, in which companies and individuals are moving money outside China, is casting doubt on the nation’s economic prospects.
European governments have allowed fears about migration and terrorism to erode their commitment to civil rights, the group said in a new report.
As the online gig economy grows, workers are beginning to band together to secure what they see as fairer treatment from companies that make them feel more like employees than contractors.
Venezuela’s newly empowered opposition wants to give away the deeds to hundreds of thousands of government-built homes — to win the loyalties of the poor.
David Cameron has outlined a truly conservative, pragmatic response to poverty. We need an American version of it.
European Union officials in Brussels want uniform rules, but many countries prefer to use tax policies to reward or punish big multinationals.
At a cabinet meeting, the Israeli prime minister said, “Israel’s policy has been and will remain exactly what it has been: not to allow Iran to acquire nuclear weapons.”
Tucked into a piece of legislation are a few words that will change how American officials treat Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
The White House is working with Hillary Clinton’s campaign in ways large and small. Their two staffs consult on issues and the positions she takes on the president’s policy priorities.
Investors in Deutsche Bank should look very carefully at the bank’s offer to buy back 5 billion euros of its senior unsecured bonds.
Members of Redemption, based in Greenville, S.C., are proud of their ethnic diversity. But discussion of the state’s presidential primaries? “A taboo,” one woman there said.
Before Pope Francis’s arrival in Mexico, we asked readers there to tell us what he should know about their lives. We received more than 500 responses on Facebook.
Despite Putin’s threats, the West should keep its promises of closer ties.
There is a growing audience for movies, plays, television shows and novels that address the misdeeds and systemic failures that led to the collapse in 2008.
If the Fed presses ahead with an increase in its benchmark interest rate, it could undermine the economy just as things are starting to improve.
All Chipotle stores will be closed for four hours on Monday, and after a shake-up at Viacom, the media company will report on Tuesday how it’s faring.
Addressing supporters in New Hampshire, he portrayed his wife’s opponent for the Democratic nomination as hypocritical, dishonest and “hermetically sealed.”
The German chancellor’s emergence as Europe’s pre-eminent leader makes her a strong candidate to succeed Ban Ki-moon.
What are the lessons from the end of the “pink tide”? Watch out for corruption.
Washington should rein in the junta's increasingly dictatorial ways by isolating it from traditional Bangkok-based elites.
Mr. Obama’s trip represents the start of a new era of engagement between the United States and Cuba, but it also underscores the countries’ deep disagreements.
After a disappointing end of his campaign for the Republican nomination, and with only 10 months left in his term, Senator Marco Rubio goes back to work at the Capitol.
The two leaders announced commitments to reduce planet-warming emissions of methane and pledged cooperation in preserving the Arctic.
The presidential candidate closed Ohio’s budget shortfall in part by cutting aid to local governments, forcing some of them to raise taxes or cut services.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and lawmakers in Albany could soon announce an agreement to raise hourly pay to $15, but that minimum might not apply statewide.
China is the world’s largest market for new cars, but its slowing economy could leave automakers with too many factories and not enough buyers.
Delegates overwhelmingly approved President Xi Jinping’s framework for China’s development, but they and their staff shied away from casual conversation.
People overreact to price or income changes within a category like gasoline, working to save or splurge more than they would for a similar change in overall income.
As money rushes in to the United States, regulators should be thinking about the lessons of the 2008 financial crisis.
Latvian home prices fell in the second part of 2007 by as much as 65 percent, but the market has since stabilized.
Beijing hopes to turns the country’s hundreds of millions of itinerant laborers into homeowners as the slumping property market drags on the economy.
The city’s tourism-marketing agency plans to announce a forecast of 59.7 million visitors this year, an increase from last year’s record of 58.3 million.
In the comedy-drama “Dry Powder,” at the Public Theater, an equity firm and its top executives behave very badly.
Some residents are rooting for a tech downturn, in the latest sign that San Francisco has become an example of what-not-to-follow.
The first quarter of 2016 was a fairly weak time for deal making, yet somehow the numbers came out all right.
Chinese companies have been on a foreign acquisition spree in recent years, looking abroad for deals in an effort to diversify.
He’s done a real service, for the party he only recently joined, and for the country.
At the bottom of the World Happiness Report, a list of more than 150 countries, was Burundi, where a violent political crisis broke out last year.
While Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo pushes for a higher hourly wage, the experience of one business illustrates the impact that such an increase could have on many companies.
An edited transcript of a telephone interview with the Republican presidential candidate.
Xu Xiang was a legend in the country’s booming stock market — until the bubble he helped to create took him down with it.
Relations between Beijing and Washington are at their lowest point in 15 years, buffeted by China’s territorial claims over the strategic waterway.
The European Central Bank announced a set of unexpected measures that will include, in effect, paying commercial banks to lend money to businesses and consumers.
Mr. Trump could become the first Republican nominee in nearly a century who has called for higher import taxes as a defense against low-cost imports.
We’ve gone from complaining that the Democrats wouldn’t meet enough times to wondering when the talking will stop.
The government said it needed a new mandate to pursue the economic changes that it deems essential for the country to join the European Union.
