After 16 years of litigation, the city reached a settlement with 16 strip clubs that does away with a number of rules, angering religious leaders and advocates for sex-trafficking victims.
Angered by what he considers Japan’s efforts to sweep away the inconvenient truths of a nuclear disaster, a rancher returns to the no-man’s land near the devastated plant.
Those all-caps messages from Lagos in your spam folder actually predate email.
Democrats and Republicans alike are seizing on Pope Francis’ messages of economic justice and tolerance.
Television highlights.
The Chevrolet Traverse and its corporate siblings GMC Acadia and Buick Enclave have been substantially revised and are worth a look if you haul people or stuff.
The agreement, subject to approval by the European Parliament and national governments, would be a big step toward a banking union in the euro zone.
Britain's budget for this year discourages saving and encourages mortgage borrowing, but is likely to strengthen the economy.
Stops in China, Russia, European capitals and outer space.
The French energy giant Total is in talks with Lukoil to form a joint venture to develop shale oil in Russia.
Leading officials of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration have moved on to jobs that draw on their experience, often on behalf of the automakers.
Growth in the number of nonprofit organizations has vastly outpaced that for-profit businesses, according to data from the Urban Institute.
Outrage at the very wealthy may be impeding a national discussion of how to raise the living standards of the bottom 20 percent, an economist writes.
The crisis can prompt changes in crop selection and water use.
The ouster of Prime Minister Ali Zeidan underscored the explosive danger of loss of control over Libya’s petroleum, the lifeblood of its economy.
Several judges and officials involved in cases against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra’s government have had antagonistic relationships with her party.
Ehud Olmert, who was prime minister from 2006 to 2009, was accused of accepting money to facilitate the construction of a housing development in Jerusalem.
Party leaders are working to mobilize voter turnout in November, but they face changes in their national coalition that could frustrate their efforts.
President François Hollande promised new efforts to revive the economy, including tax cuts, after his party sustained broad losses on Sunday.
Representative Dave Camp, a Republican from Michigan who was first elected to Congress in 1990, made the announcement on Monday.
The agreement will create an autonomous Muslim-dominated region in the restive south of the predominantly Christian country.
The Texas environmental commission’s refusal to enact federal rules on issuing greenhouse gas permits has actually put the state at a competitive disadvantage during a natural gas boom.
A premier black college has been rocked by the economy, infighting and a changing demographic landscape.
When mutual fund returns shrink, their annual costs start to stand out.
The ban on exports of unprocessed minerals has been criticized by miners who say a plan to build smelters in the country is not economically viable.
In its annual report, Human Rights Watch said the desire to bring the Syrian government to peace talks should not be a pretext for failure to shield civilians.
The Senate will consider legislation to revive expired benefits for 1.3 million out-of-work Americans on Monday, but it appears gridlock will continue.
In the Russian city of Sochi, the grandiose and economically dubious megaproject has returned — another Soviet legacy pursued by the singular will of President Vladimir V. Putin.
Data released Monday underlined just how rapidly the overall economy has been cooling, but retail sales grew 13.6 percent in December.
Stocks continued to fall in Europe and in emerging Asia-Pacific markets as slowing growth in China and the prospect of less stimulus in the United States raised the specter of capital flight.
Secretary of State John Kerry, who has never publicly offered his personal views on the Keystone XL oil pipeline, now must make a recommendation on the international project to President Obama.
Joblessness remained at 12 percent in December while inflation dipped, suggesting the central bank will be under pressure to provide more stimulus.
Only economic pressure will end an unjust order.
Walmart and Apple are among 300 businesses that have agreed to review policies that may screen out applicants who have not worked in a long time.
Industrials musicals, which have long since disappeared, were once professional shows that featured impressive talent.
San Francisco, Washington and Seattle indicated that their new policies did not hurt local economies or cause businesses to leave.
The secretary of state is daring to test a question about the Israelis and Palestinians that everyone has wanted to avoid.
Among the stars of American automotive history, the Subaru 360 squats out of sight, a sales failure. But a few survived.
Ezra Klein’s decision to leave The Washington Post for Vox Media reflects the growing influence of new players in online journalism.
Ennahda, an Islamist party, ended two strife-ridden years as Tunisia’s first elected government, ceding power to a government of technocrats that will preside over elections this year.
Workers at a Goodyear tire plant agreed to accept severance pay that they said was three times as much as the company had initially offered.
Ali Abdullah Saleh, Yemen’s former president, is a rarity in the Arab world: an autocrat overthrown by popular revolt who nonetheless remains in his country, undisturbed.
Many decades later, when they reconnected, she still remembered his kiss.
Narayana Kocherlakota, president of the Minneapolis Fed, said the central bank should increase its efforts to stimulate the economy.
Pedro Santiago was known as a gregarious deliveryman who befriended customers, helped his family in Mexico and dreamed of becoming an engineer.
The Target attack shows that companies can do a lot more to reduce the risk of theft and fraud.
To increase enrollment in health insurance, the Houston health department is using emergency management tactics to targeting the uninsured.
The Maison et Objet fair in Paris was a showcase of grace under economic pressure.
Senator Charles E. Schumer says Democrats are not doing enough to counter the Tea Party, and one way would be to drive a wedge between the elite and the middle-income members.
The Ghost is the sportier, entry-level Rolls-Royce sedan, and the Extended Wheelbase version adds 6.7 inches to its length, resulting in a huge back seat.
In a speech to the German Parliament, Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday said that Washington had undermined its international standing.
The European Union proposed to end binding national targets for renewable energy production, substituting a goal likely to be much harder to enforce.
In the middle of political unrest, Ukraine’s opposition appears closer to forcing the rejection of agreements with Russia and turning to the West.
The drastic move is designed to bolster the currency, but it is unclear whether it will be enough to satisfy international investors.
Choosing options was once a normal part of buying a car. But today it’s a luxury experience reserved almost exclusively for high-end machines. And those options have grown ever more indulgent.
With the onset of sanctions, Russia’s stock indexes opened sharply lower and agencies threatened to cut the country’s creditworthiness, but President Vladimir V. Putin’s oligarchs stood by him.
Any stricter sanctions on Russia for its occupation of Crimea would likely be opposed by Exxon Mobil, BP and other companies with projects in Russia.
Reality television’s quest to open lockers and unearth memorabilia continues in new shows like “The Safecracker,” “Treasure King,” and “Barry’d Treasure.”
Gross domestic product in the last months of 2013 was revised up from 2.4 percent, with a 3.3 percent rise in consumer spending brightening the report.
The goal is to increase local employment, and to reduce on-mountain clashes between climbers and Sherpas.
Western democracies cannot resonate when they fail their own citizens.
The Federal Reserve also signaled its intention to keep short-term interest rates near zero after the unemployment rate falls below 6.5 percent
Toyota is poised to pay more than $1 billion to settle a criminal investigation into disclosures around the sudden acceleration of its vehicles.
After approving legislation that it will grand dual citizenship to descendants of Sephardic Jews expelled from the country, the Spanish government has received thousands of inquiries.
Higher education is today less a rite of passage in which institutions serve in loco parentis, and more a commercial transaction between school and student.
The bill signed by Gov. Dannel P. Malloy would raise the minimum wage to $10.10 starting in 2017, which would be the highest of all state rates that are now on the books.
A Senate vote to take up legislation to aid Ukraine showed bipartisan support, but a debate is expected to ensue over whether to overhaul the International Monetary Fund.
RFR hopes to draw companies from fields like technology, advertising and media through the amenities it offers.
The White House is billing Michelle Obama’s visit as a cultural exchange, but political overtones will be almost impossible to avoid.
Many restaurants treat their workers fairly, but it is not hard for unscrupulous businesses to find people desperate enough to do work for less than what the law requires.
Ben Richardson, an editor for Bloomberg News in China, is critical of the way the news agency handled an investigative article that explored the financial ties of the families of top Chinese leaders.
As chief economic adviser, Mr. Weidenbaum championed a wave of deregulation but quit after a year and a half, unhappy about White House budget-making.
The authorities jailed the mayors of San Cristóbal and Valencia, two cities that have seen some of the most intense unrest in the wave of protests shaking the country.
Economists’ advice on policy is based not just on their understanding of how the world works, but also on political philosophy — their judgments about what makes a good society.
The chief executive of the World Travel and Tourism Council talks about everything from growth in China to the state of the travel industry.
A Markit survey of purchasing managers indicates continued economic expansion, a strong improvement in France and signs of recovery in the region’s depressed labor market.
The United States and Europe need to move quickly on a financial package to tie the country more closely to the West.
The central bank’s governor said decisions on a rate increase would now be linked to a range of factors, and monetary tightening was some way off.
The South Korean automaker is already marketing a high-end model in the United States, but cracking the European market of BMW and Mercedes is another thing.
Mayor Bill de Blasio added a few promising proposals to his list at the State of the City address.
Despite efforts by international officials to curb Cyprus’s allure as a tax haven, it remains a magnet for investors and companies from Russia.
Inflation continues to fall in the euro zone, leading some to worry the region could get caught in a Japanese-style spiral of falling prices.
A big player like the one Comcast and Time Warner intend to create in the United States would probably meet antitrust obstacles on the Continent.
Conflicting priorities in Washington still stand in the way of the tax code’s redesign.
There’s less congressional appetite for brinkmanship this time, but the government has only a few weeks’ worth of cash left.
Both elections were expected to be closely fought contests that focused less on ideology than on unease over unemployment, corruption and crime.
The country has moved from recession to recovery, but not from recovery to strength.
President Obama met with Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, but made no effort to seek additional authority to negotiate trade deals.
Television highlights.
Parliament elected Sushil Koirala, a longtime democracy activist and a member of one of Nepal’s most storied political families.
The bank did not change its record-low rate, despite warnings that the euro zone is sliding into the dangerous economic condition known as deflation.
Young people made the revolution, and they won't be satisfied by either a new Mubarak, or the Muslim Brotherhood.
The International Monetary Fund warned that government mismanagement aggravated by the impact of sanctions had left Iran vulnerable to anemic growth and rampant inflation.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized Secretary of State John Kerry for warning that Israel could face more foreign boycotts if the peace process fails.
Russia’s dream of a Eurasian Union, with a puppet regime in Ukraine, will lead to more violence.
The move fulfilled a promise made in the State of the Union address.
Local defense groups look better than the drug cartels now, but they could turn out to be just one more illegal army.
President Obama hailed the promises by business leaders as a way to ensure that all students receive a high-quality education as they prepare to compete in the global economy.
Benigno S. Aquino III, the Philippine president, compared China’s claims to the seas near his country to Hitler’s demands for Czech land in 1938.
Persecution of Zoroastrians, Baha'is and others runs counter to Persian history.
The Bank of England said it would hold its benchmark rate at a record low 0.5 percent as headwinds continue to check the recent economic uptick.
A smaller trade deficit, increased consumer spending and a surging stock market contributed to a revised outlook for United States growth.
The Parks and Wildlife Department last week discussed the possibility of imposing additional restrictions to some of the most sought-after fish in the state.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Melissa Mark-Viverito, the speaker of the City Council, are set to outline plans on Friday to significantly expand the number of city businesses required to provide paid time off for sick employees, according to three people told directly of the plans.
Last year, the Government Accountability Office estimated that the price tag could range from a few trillion dollars to over $10 trillion.
The prime minister of Georgia said Russia was putting pressure on his country, another former Soviet republic that is leaning toward the West.
The analysis provided instant fuel for both supporters and critics of raising the federal minimum wage.
Sake is among the soft goods that the government is promoting to help improve the country’s exports.
Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister, who supports independence, and Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain, who does not, also differ on the future of oil and gas reserves in the North Sea.
Oakland’s Jack London Square draws energy from Sungevity and the alternative energy start-ups it nurtures.
Emerging from the annual meeting of the nation’s governors at the White House, Gov. Bobby Jindal omitted the usual happy-talk to discuss his views of President Obama.
The European Union’s foreign policy chief, Catherine Ashton, said at a news conference that Europe would offer “support, not interference,” and urged Ukrainians to maintain good ties with Russia.
A new study highlights the correlation between optimism and poor results, this time in the economy and the stock market.
A class-action suit by Silicon Valley engineers against companies including Google, Apple and Intel has revealed details of an agreement among them not to cold-call one another’s employees.
The giant sovereign fund said it earned 15.9 percent, or about $115 billion, on its investments last year.
“I cannot turn my back when the majority wants me to run for president,” Field Marshal Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi said, saying he would finalize procedures soon.
President Obama’s proposal for 2015 shows how many national goals could be won by cutting unnecessary and unfair tax breaks for the rich.
Hoping for foreign investment, France’s president pledged tax stability to a group of high-ranking executives from the world’s multinationals. But forgetting some of his campaign rhetoric may not be easy.
A relaxing of the one-child policy will allow two children in a family when just one parent is an only child, but the cost of child-rearing has given some couples pause.
Cooperation to make farming more efficient and to reduce waste has occurred in the past, and it can happen again.
Some members of the first Cuban families to leave after Fidel Castro took over are coming back, reuniting with the island and partnering with Cubans in direct new ways.
Republican primaries usually amount to coronations, nominating whomever is deemed next in line, while the Democratic contests are often messier affairs. This time the roles are reversed.
Rob Astorino, the Westchester County executive, said he would seek the Republican nomination to challenge Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat.
Solar power is dividing conservatives who support utilities and libertarians who see them as regulated monopolies whose rates are set by bureaucrats — the opposite of a free-market economy.
Waste Control Specialists is the only company that will dispose of some categories of low-level waste for 95 nuclear reactors in 29 states.
Customers were finally able to buy iPhones from China Mobile on Friday, but the turnout was underwhelming in Beijing, even with Apple’s chief on hand.
It’s a familiar-looking sedan that is full of gadgets, including a selectable all-wheel-drive system.
In the 2013 fiscal year, total federal contracts fell by $58 billion, or roughly 11 percent, the steepest decline in at least a decade.
New forces are causing the American income gap to feed on itself, whether in the political process, education or the broader economy.
In the same-sex marriage debate, why not take a page from the rights already granted to corporate America?
In 2013, stock fund managers achieved their best year since 1991. But for various reasons, some strategists say investors should rein in their enthusiasm this year.
Michel Djotodia, the Central African Republic’s president, quit under pressure after regional leaders held him responsible for failing to halt continuing sectarian violence in the country.
Kabul during the Afghan war was never violent as Baghdad during the Iraq war. But as coalition forces leave, international workers here feel more vulnerable.
The plan is the first in a series of labor- and immigrant-friendly laws that Mayor Bill de Blasio is expected to champion, including higher pay for employees on many city-sponsored projects.
Younger firms like FireEye and Palo Alto Networks are competing with Symantec and McAfee in a market that is expected to swell to $87 billion by 2016.
Documents obtained by WikiLeaks show that the Obama administration is pulling back on environmental protections to reach a trade deal that is a pillar of the president’s strategic shift to Asia.
Mr. Marcus is the chairman and chief executive of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, a publicly traded real estate investment trust.
A plan to change Italy's voting system offers the best hope for its long-dysfunctional government and its stagnant economy.
Europe’s Socialist standard-bearer, President François Hollande, who campaigned against austerity policies, has received praise from the European Union and Germany for his plan to reduce spending.
Excitement over the interim agreement, which will ease some provisions of the American-led sanctions on Iran but essentially leave all of them in place, has not extended to American companies.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development offered several proposals that could help lift the country from its slump.
The approval process for elevating the deck of the Bayonne Bridge is a case study, critics say, in environmental bureaucracy.
The governor is going after the state’s high-tax image, and wants homeowners and renters as well as manufacturers outside the New York City area to see relief.
Meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry, a group of Chinese bloggers appealed to the United States to take up the cause of Internet freedom.
The transcripts provide new insights into the debates, miscalculations and actions of the Federal Reserve in assessing and countering the financial crisis.
The regulations are the latest in a series of actions intended to cut back on greenhouse gases without the sort of legislation Mr. Obama failed to push through Congress in his first term.
Policy makers can avoid falling prices by stimulating the economy with lower interest rates.
Matt Taibbi will start his own publication focusing on financial and political corruption at First Look Media, which is financed by the eBay founder Pierre Omidyar.
Relatives who had not seen each other in more than half a century gathered at a resort in North Korea as reunions resumed for the first time since 2010.
What lies behind the British public’s surprising willingness to bail out royalty?
President Goodluck Jonathan’s dismissal of Lamido Sanusi, who had charged that billions in oil revenue was missing, was seen as a lack of resolve in tackling corruption.
Matteo Renzi, the 39-year-old mayor of Florence, forced out the Italian prime minister last week in an intraparty coup.
But many Taiwanese prefer the status quo over future unification.
If there is a serious conflict, maintaining an adequate growth rate will trump credit restraint and financial reform.
The images of riot police officers pummeling demonstrators contrasted with those from Sochi of swirling skaters and daredevil skiers.
As developers focus on Orange County, which critics say needs an economic boost less than other parts of the state, competition and tension are mounting.
After years of heated debate, Parliament approved legislation to phase out exemptions for ultra-Orthodox students at religious seminaries.
Confronted with a lack of funds, President Hassan Rouhani has little option but to take steps that will increase the pain for the voters who put him into office.
Mr. Fischer, the nominee for vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, has been an influential academic as well as head of the Bank of Israel.
Secretary of State John Kerry delayed an anticipated trip to Russia and the two sides issued dueling accounts of their recent diplomacy to defuse the crisis in Ukraine.
Technoport, the national tech-oriented incubator, is taking shape in a former industrial area 20 kilometers from Luxembourg City.
Hillary Rodham Clinton on Friday spoke about her new “No Ceilings” initiative as part of her tour of speaking engagements related to women’s rights.
Crediting economic growth and better service, a trade group reported 10.65 billion passenger trips last year despite a drop in gasoline prices.
The 30 or so participants say their objective is to build toward a time when the political landscape may have shifted enough that a bill could pass Congress.
After more than a month of protests and bloody unrest, President Nicolás Maduro has projected an image of openness and inclusion, while simultaneously cracking down.
President Obama, declaring that “Americans have spent far too long working more but earning less,” said millions more workers would be eligible for extra pay.
Paris Saint-Germain doesn’t operate by the norms of soccer finance. Like Chelsea, like Manchester City, it is the investment project of foreigners who have billions to lavish.
The debate over the government’s role in creating opportunity and ending deprivation has flared anew, with inequality as acute as it was in the Roaring Twenties and the ranks of the poor and near-poor at record highs.
The Flamenco Festival enters its 14th year, larger than ever and with a change in scope and style.
The renminbi lost 0.3 percent of its value against the dollar on Friday, and it has fallen 1.5 percent this year.
If the recent rancor remains, hopes for a European role in a final Mideast peace deal will be dashed.
President Xi Jinping is presiding over a working group on security, a sign that the Communist Party views the issue as a pressing strategic concern.
As Russia faces calls for an active response to Ukraine’s deepening political crisis, the question asked by many is whether President Vladimir V. Putin intended it that way.
The budget deficit dropped to $680 billion in the 2013 fiscal year, from about $1.1 trillion the year before, largely aided by a rise in tax revenue.
Gov. Jerry Brown, 75, is already the longest-serving governor in the state’s history.
All good things come to an end, even for the rich, and sometime this month, Forbes will probably pass out of family control and into the hands of a foreign owner.
The Indianapolis Cultural Trail, unveiled last May, has drawn visitors and helped spark a sluggish local economy.
As tension between Moscow and Kiev escalated, the crisis appeared to unsettle investors who had already been nervous about shaky emerging market economies.
Growers say inaction on immigration legislation is hurting productivity, and a powerful group that represents them says its members may withhold campaign contributions.
As the United States threatens sanctions against Russia, influential members of President Putin’s inner circle view isolation from the West as a good thing.
A central-bank policy that helped stocks to surge may have also caused some market distortions.
Recent developments suggest that the renminbi’s day-to-day strengthening is no longer the certainty it once appeared to be.
The number of new cars registered rose 8 percent in February from the same month last year, but it was still the second-poorest February since 2003.
Two red-haired girls on the Dublin docks, at the end of an Irish boom.
As Vladimir Putin’s Crimean adventure plays out, what is the West to do?
If the dispute over Crimea’s political status drags on, the peninsula, which lacks a self-sustaining economy and depends heavily on mainland Ukraine for vital services, could pay a steep economic price.
Aleksandar Vucic, expected to be Serbia’s next prime minister, recast himself as a pro-Western liberal in a transformation viewed as remarkable.
Britain’s central bank said it would keep its key interest rate at 0.5 percent, where it has been since March 2009. The bank also left its bond purchasing program unchanged.
Tuesday’s special election showed that Alex Sink’s campaign could not outrun the tsunami of advertisements tying her to President Obama’s health care law.
The United States has a strong interest in maintaining a sovereign buffer state between Russia and NATO.
Putin exploits Western weakness, then confronts his own.
Cardinal Reinhard Marx, 60, the archbishop of Munich, was selected on Wednesday to lead the Roman Catholic bishops’ conference in Germany.
On Feb. 22, the Federal Reserve released the transcripts of the 2008 meetings of its Federal Open Market Committee, which sets monetary policy. The transcripts provide a detailed account of some of the Fed’s key decisions during that crisis year.
The State of the State speech, that annual display of policy and pride, can be a call to action, plea for patience and, in some cases, an early look at a re-election platform.
We are in a “muddling through” phase, said Lloyd Blankfein, discussing the global economy and markets. The bank chief said the U.S. is probably half a cycle ahead of Europe.
Tunisia is one Arab country that has managed to avoid political gridlock. Turkey would do well to follow its example.
Many of its economies are still in trouble, with little sign of sensible policy moves or the energy to implement them.
Amid continuing concerns about Brazil’s sputtering economy, the Dragoneer Investment Group of San Francisco has made its first investment in an Internet company in the country, leading a $12.75 million round in VivaReal, an online real estate classifieds start-up.
It has been 25 years since the World Wide Web began. Tim Berners-Lee, its creator, and others are worried that its free and open nature could be in jeopardy as corporations push to control the speed and type of content that is shared online.
A recent $400 million swindle against a Citibank affiliate in Mexico demonstrates the systemic challenges of finding safe lending clients in regions subject to cronyism and sudden policy shifts.
