In the Brahmaputra River system, planners face a Hobson’s choice between the twin goals of climate change adaptation and mitigation.
The Times’s Washington bureau chief and magazine contributor explains why he decided to write an e-book.
Too many ships and not enough cargo have sent ship values plummeting. Many are not worth what European banks lent to build them.
The battle over Dell suggests that investors today may be slightly less short-term greedy than previous generations. | A collection of internal e-mails at the law firm DLA Piper could reinforce a perception that law firms inflate bills. | Puerto Rico is fashioning a new identity for itself as a tax haven. | A report says that the board of Hulu has approached potential buyers.
A clip from the Marketplace Money public radio program about the Your Money team’s continuing search for what college applicants are writing about money.
Documents in a lawsuit against Standard & Poor’s provide a glimpse at the company’s inner working in the run-up to the financial crisis. | Royal Bank of Scotland poised to settle accusations that it manipulated Libor. | Debevoise & Plimpton is eliminating its trusts and estates practice. | The fate of Hostess Brands shows how corporate machinations can both doom and save a company.
How much does the shape and scope of the president’s electoral success threaten the policy-making ascendancy of big business?
It has become much more common for Americans over 65 to continue working, if they can.
Increases in costs for programming like basketball and football at ESPN provided a drag on the results from Disney’s media networks unit. Walt Disney Studios struggled compared with the same period a year earlier.
Farm loans, rural health programs, education among the areas where spending will increase.
G.D.P. slips. Optimism rises. And the intrigue continues at Downton Arby’s. Will immigration reform help your business?
Cyprus partly approves a formula to obtain a bailout; Israel apologizes to Turkey; the writer Chinua Achebe dies; cargo ships in trouble; and the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The company has been plagued by business and technical problems, including two recalls, disappointing fuel-economy ratings, limited all-electric range and mixed reviews of its Karma sedan.
Though a tireless promoter of the film industry in the city, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg isn’t a fan of going to the movies, he told a magazine.
Chicago’s McCormick Place convention center has more floor space than any other United States arena where auto shows are held.
Forms of debt forgiveness can make collection more efficient but run the risk of debtors’ gaming the system, an economist writes.
It appears that the past four years had a net gain of just 28,000 jobs. Private-sector jobs were up, but government employment was down.
Many influential people will gather this week at the World Economic Forum to make predictions, and some of them will be right, and some wrong.
A survey suggests that even those who might have the greatest need for government assistance subscribe to a mentality of self-reliance and bootstrapping.
Europe’s political leaders have taken important steps to improve spending discipline among euro members, but have yet to address some serious flaws in the structure of the euro zone.
India has fewer cops per capita than most other countries.
With the scale of the immigration problem stabilizing for the moment, or even shrinking, there is more room for political compromise than the last time Congress tried, and failed, to confront the issue.
More about the evidence.
Visceral dislike of easy money does not a sound analysis make.
The Stingray name, which has not been used on Corvettes in decades, is being revived.
But which price? That makes all the difference.
Latin America’s growth hasn’t closed the rift between rich and poor.
Women’s only bank and new safety fund.
Chevrolet shows Nascar fans its first rear-drive performance sedan since the 1996 departure of the Impala SS.
The real costs of breast milk can be measured in economic terms, and right now, individual families are the ones who bear them.
A huge paper company promotes paper’s usefulness in a digital age; Denmark’s Muslim groups champion free speech, even when they consider that speech odious; and music supervisors are snubbed by the Oscars.
Even the recent reduction in carbon-dioxide emissions in the United States is not nearly sharp enough to avoid reaching what climate scientists consider the prudent limit in global warming within decades.
The jobs report for last March was a big disappointment, one that spurred talk of a new recession. Now we learn that report was simply wrong, that March was actually a very good month and that jobs rose much more rapidly in 2012 than we had previously been told.
Dissenters from the Federal Reserve’s stimulus campaign are often those from the districts where economic growth has been the fastest.
Douglas Tompkins, the founder of Esprit and The North Face and now an ardent conservationist, has some radical notions — and millions of acres in South America.
A former SAC analyst has given federal agents the names of about 20 people he said had engaged in insider trading. | Dish Network challenges Sprint Nextel’s bid for Clearwire. | Lawmakers warn A.I.G. not to sue the government. | A new banking company is offering an alternative to people frustrated with red tape and fees.
The deals of recent weeks have very little to do with the trends that bankers on Wall Street say they believe will drive a new cycle of deal-making.
The Muslim Brotherhood doesn’t want to open Egypt’s border with Gaza for fear that Israel will dump the Gaza problem on Egypt’s lap.
The litigation challenging the orderly liquidation authority under the Dodd-Frank Act proceeds from the faulty notion that Chapter 11 bankruptcy provides a one-size-fits-all solution,
To capture Russia’s rapid changes and vast territory, Rafal Milach went small, delving into the lives of seven people reconciling their country’s past with its ever-evolving future.
The sequester and the across-the-board spending cuts it brings are almost the exact opposite of what the economy needs to grow and create jobs, an economist writes.
In Tuesday’s New York Times, Claire Cain Miller and Catherine Rampell report on Yahoo’s edict that all employees must work at the office to foster collaboration. The move takes on one of the country’s biggest workplace issues: whether the ability to work from home leads to greater productivity or inhibits innovation and collaboration.
The commentators of the extreme right wing are still talking, but, increasingly, it’s to themselves.
Concern about ivory trade; joblessness rises in Europe; challenge for Syrian rebel leader; and Swiss consider compensation laws.
Relationship Science is compiling a new computer database for the heavy hitters of business that lists a person’s associates, their political affiliations, their charity work and more.
Are Macau’s fast-rising gambling revenues a sign of a expanding Chinese economy or of shrinking confidence among wealthy Chinese who may be “washing” their money in order to emigrate? Or both?
The European press went into overdrive on Tuesday with a shocked response to the political gridlock in Italy and the potential spillover to the euro zone. Are the doom-mongers justified, or is the indecisive outcome just a historical blip?
Dodge has refreshed the Durango for 2014, giving full-size S.U.V. buyers something nice to consider.
On fracking, teen pregnancy, and the limits of the Planned Parenthood paradigm.
Bergoglio’s tense relations with the Argentine government suggest the new pope may be unafraid to ruffle a few feathers in the Vatican.
Foreign participation in mainland stock markets could increase tenfold, said Guo Shuqing, the country’s top securities regulator.
A surprise break with the Very Serious People.
First Gérard Depardieu. Now Brigitte Bardot. France’s most famous movie icon is threatening to flee to Russia. But this time it’s not about taxes — it’s about elephants.
The upwardly mobile American is becoming a statistical oddity.
Government officials from the British territory of Gibraltar visited Rio de Janeiro this week to promote its financial stability as well as its access to the European Union and low taxes.
For those who have seen the industry’s optimism dashed before, an upbeat report on Tuesday by its global trade body, the International Federation for the Phonographic Industry, brought hope and skepticism.
A growing chorus of voices from across the political spectrum is criticizing the size, impact and policies of the largest banks, an economist writes.
New polls find continued dissatisfaction with the direction of the country, yet support for several of the policies the president has said he will push in his second term.
In his news conference Monday, President Obama suggested that Washington will have tamed the government’s debt problems if the two parties can agree on another $1.5 trillion or so in spending cuts and tax increases.
From environmental programs to renewable energy support to all kinds of inspections, the more than $80 billion in automatic budget cuts will have an impact.
In a video on YouTube, restaurant workers stacking dishes, shaking drinks, chopping onions and plating burritos take a moment to lip-sync and dance along to the 1959 Motown hit “Money (That’s What I Want).”
Congress seems determined to throw more than a million people out of work.
Cyprus secures a bailout deal. | Banks lose a loophole | An F.C.C. shift may thwart a Murdoch media deal. | Buyers Circle Marks & Spencer as takeover target | A buyer is found for Blockbuster’s British unit.
Islamists gain ground in Mali; Chinese censors in Los Angeles; another Washington showdown looms; men’s wear in Milan.
Struggling Americans are worse off in regions with regressive systems for raising money.
European vignerons mounted a furious campaign against loosening up planting regulations. If growers could plant vines willy-nilly, the image of proud place names like Gevrey-Chambertin, Margaux or Barolo would be undermined. But does the rule stymie the European wine industry’s chance to compete, or enhance it?
An interview with James McGregor, whose book “No Ancient Wisdom, No Followers” argues that the long-term prospects for China’s economy are being hurt by state dominance and protectionism.
A panel finds that a blend of intensified research and strong policy could take a big bite out of oil use and CO2 emissions.
China’s leadership has been promoting a concept called the “Chinese Dream” that depends on continued economic growth and stable relations with the United States. Apple, meanwhile, finds itself the target of attacks in the official media.
North Korea, one of the most cut-off nations on earth, appears to have an official Twitter account. It contains some surprises.
A proposed new border regime has been billed as offering an open and secure Europe. Critics say it is just a way to make life harder for the kind of visitors the Continent does not really want.
Bruce Babbitt faults the president for opening vast tracts of public land drilling and protecting less than some recent predecessors.
Do our political leaders have the courage to compromise and agree on a long-term balanced approach that ends budget making by crisis?
What does “exercising leadership” mean?
The last-minute compromise set the stage for yet more fighting in Washington.
With malice towards none.
It’s not a low fertility rate but rather the failure of public policies to provide sufficient support for parents that is troubling, an economist writes.
Mr. Dougan received 7.8 million Swiss francs, or $8.2 million, for 2012, compared with 5.8 million francs for the previous year, the bank said in its annual report published on Friday.
The G.O.P. thinks it’s always up to the other side to make nice.
As China’s Parliament, the National People’s Congress, opens Tuesday, some are calling for changes to the re-education-through-labor system, which one delegate said causes citizens to “live in fear.”
The British banking group’s results were hit by a $2.3 billion charge in the fourth quarter related to compensation for customers that were inappropriately sold insurance products.
As Brazil and Argentina lose some of their luster, are sub-Saharan African nations on the rise? Billionaire dealmakers want to know.
Four dozen activists were handcuffed and led away while calling on President Obama to reject construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline.
For one thing, big businesses have a larger global footprint, which gives them greater exposure to growth in places like China and Brazil.
Misplaced Republican nostalgia.
Two grim readings.
An economic renaissance in Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Panama and Peru has become the focus in Latin America, and sub-Saharan Africa has also flashed signs of promise.
A summary of what’s on today’s editorial page.
Bucks readers are asked to help provide a progress report that will highlight paid parental leave policies at their employers.
A paper by four economists is the latest to predict that the growing United States government debt burden is unsustainable.
Let’s resolve to develop a clear plan for improving our food system and fight for it. Patiently.
BMW has ambitions for the power plant; plug-in hybrid applications are only one approach.
The average cash bonus for people employed in New York City in the financial industry rose by roughly 9 percent, to $121,900, in 2012, the New York State comptroller said.
The problems at Bank of America have cut down its mortgage ambitions; it accounts for 4 percent of the nation’s mortgage market, a slide from just over 20 percent in 2009, ceding market dominance to Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase.
Morphogenesis, from the Greek words morphê, for shape and genesis, for creation, refers to imitating evolution in developing designs.
Ms. Rice is expected to comment regularly on national and international issues, CBS said.
The Kyrgyz people of the Wakhan Corridor in Afghanistan live a traditional semi-nomadic life in an isolated, inhospitable land. There are no doctors, no trees and no roads, yet photographer Matthieu Paley keeps coming back.
The Federal Reserve said Goldman and JPMorgan would need to resubmit their proposals to pay out billions of dollars to shareholders, citing weaknesses in their capital plans.
Opening in a new country presents an opportunity for growth and revenue, but it is also an opportunity to lose ours shirts.
An improving global economy will boost India’s growth, government predicts.
With warnings about tripping over cans kicked down roads and bungee jumping into abysses, reactions from China to the U.S. “fiscal cliff” budget deal are colorful – and critical.
Is there a way to make genuine debates, in which politicians must do more than just repeat talking points, part of our political culture?
Governors in both parties warned of the potentially damaging consequences across the country if President Obama and Congress do not agree on a plan to avoid across-the-board spending cuts that are scheduled to take effect beginning on Friday.
The Fed chairman has acknowledged that big banks get implicit subsidies, but the market correctly sees through his insistence that those banks will not be bailed out, an economist writes.
On his first book, “Indianomix,” and why things happen the way they do in India.
There are no good alternatives, the author contends. But the longer it takes for Cyprus to recognize how bleak its situation is, the greater the damage.
Being reasonable won’t help.
A summary of what’s on today’s editorial page.
If there’s a lesson from Ford for today’s entrepreneurs, it is this: Don’t stay in charge of the company too long.
A top Chinese climate policy official does the math showing why China will not be sharply cutting greenhouse gas emissions any time soon.
Faced with international regulations that go easy on the big banks, the United States should develop its own tighter rules and be prepared to implement them alone, an economist writes.
Representative Peter Welch introduced legislation that would repeal language passed into law in early January that benefits a California-based biotechnology company, saying the deal “confirms the American public’s worst suspicions of how Congress operates.”
To avoid union opposition, the postwar temp industry exploited cultural ambivalence about middle-class white women’s work. Then it became a model for corporate America.
The Senate Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, made clear in three television appearances that he would oppose any effort by the Obama administration to further increase tax revenue and that he remained focused on finding ways to cut spending as the government grapples with debilitating debt.
The Urban Green Council is calling largely for greater efficiency and common-sense moves to reduce carbon emissions in New York City, where homes and offices release more carbon than motor vehicles.
Keep your eye on the business cycle.
In search of the origins of obtuseness.
On the battlefield, individuals with language skills are rare and highly prized. Once their job is done, however, they do not always receive much protection from the militaries they serve.
Guess who thinks they know what it takes.
The man who insisted that Western philosophy was based in confusion and wishful thinking is not popular among philosophers. But he should not be dismissed.
John Malone’s company has agreed to take over a cable operator that competes with British Sky Broadcasting.
Premier Li Keqiang pledged in his first news conference to fight graft and pollution, but no one expects quick solutions.
It’s over.
Policy decisions that created tax exclusions and implicit subsidies have helped the health sector of the economy grow, an economist writes.
How a dysfunctional Washington delivered the kind of deficit cutting that voters claim to want.
A study of costs imposed by federal regulation suggests they are increasing more quickly than taxes, an economist writes.
The actor, who appears in “Killing Them Softly” and “Argo,” talks to T about his “slow, slow break”
Bank turmoil in Cyprus; worries about the French withdrawal from Mali; new colors for KLM; and an Austrian wins skiing’s World Cup for the second year in a row.
The Fed policy debate is shifting from whether to do more to when to do less, though neither course seems likely soon.
The Lede is following the debate on gun violence in the wake of the shootings in Newtown, Conn., with reports from our correspondents and from around the Web.
What can bond vigilantes do if you borrow in your own currency?
France’s labor unions and businesses reached an agreement to significantly reform the country’s labor laws.
The Mercedes-Benz 2014 CLA250 is a harbinger of an all-new range of small cars designed to compete with the BMW 1 Series and similarly sized small luxury models.
Frugal travel along the Yangtze River, a dad can’t have it all either, answers to questions about paying for college and other consumer-focused news from The New York Times.
Alec Soth discusses his method behind his photographs documenting the oil boom in North Dakota.
The federal minimum wage should be lowered, not raised, so as not to compound the damage it causes, an economist writes.
Our economy won’t come back strong unless it also becomes more fair.
The QX60 is a hybrid version of Infiniti’s seven-passenger luxury crossover.
New York City’s three library systems are trying to do more with less government support, even as circulation and program attendance have increased, a study by the Center for an Urban Future has found.
New light vehicle registrations in the United States in 2013 are expected to rise 6.6 percent over 2012 levels to 15.3 million vehicles.
For no good reason.
The Toyota Prius C tops the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy’s list of greenest cars.
The $500-a-ticket Gallery catered to an exclusive clientele — the target buyers for luxury makers.
President Obama heads into his second term in office with an overall positive approval rating, but the public remains ambivalent about his handling of the economy.
In relation to the economy it supports, the United States banking system is relatively small compared with those of other developed countries, so breaking up banks doesn’t seem justified, the author writes.
The annual financial report released this week by Germany’s Bundesliga shows a league that is the most secure and prosperous in Europe and the world.
JPMorgan Chase once held special sway in Washington, but that status may be fading. | Steven A. Cohen has not let an insider trading investigation – or an elbow – put a stop to his art dealings. | British banks need to raise a combined $38 billion in new capital to protect against future shocks, local authorities said. | The plan to rescue Cyprus is being complicated by a gloomy economic forecast.
Not only is the era of grand bargains over, but the era of basic governance is screeching to a halt.
President Obama’s Inaugural Address was a progressive manifesto of domestic policies.
A suggestion, after Washington’s latest fiscal deal, that liberals and conservatives might do well to spend more time considering what their strategic objectives really are.
Highlights from the newly released transcripts of the Federal Reserve’s meetings in a year when the upheaval in the housing market, financial system and economy became apparent.
A new report from the World Economic Forum recommends that privacy rules focus on how personal data is used rather than restricting its collection. That approach, according to the report, opens the way to an efficient market in data, which promises a host of economic and societal benefits, and could still protect privacy.
Economic growth projections by the O.E.C.D. put Germany well behind the U.S., Britain and much of Asia.
A whole industry of “canners” walk the sidewalks in the wee hours of the morning collecting those castoff empties that can be redeemed for 5 cents each.
Four art critics for The New York Times select artworks from New York museums and discuss the varied use of light.
The I.B.M. study shows that buyers will increasingly select their new cars based on the digital gadgetry they contain.
For new businesses, the regulatory path to crowdfunding — Internet-based financing that involves ordinary investors — is still far from clear.
Can a damaged democracy be saved from its elite?
Even though regulators are required by the new health care law to review requests for a large rate increases, many states have not given the overseers any authority to deny or roll back rates that are deemed excessive.
Foreign lenders say Greece has fallen short of its tax collection targets and is still not moving hard enough to tackle widespread, long-tolerated tax evasion.
Companies like Apple have drawn scrutiny because of their penchant for shifting profits overseas, resulting in low American tax bills.
Thais, who often mix superstition with a proclivity for fun, play the underground lottery with numbers gleaned from calamity, believing that disaster can beget good fortune.
Four months after cab rates were raised, ridership remains about the same but the percentage given as a gratuity to drivers has fallen.
Matthew Bourne’s reimagining of “Sleeping Beauty,” which runs through Jan. 26 at Sadler’s Wells, opens the action in 1890, the year of the ballet’s creation.
Transocean, the driller whose Deepwater Horizon rig blew out in 2010 to cause a massive oil spill, agreed to a resolution of the federal government’s civil and criminal claims.
Over the last decade, the nation’s capital has been the great American boomtown, courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer. What happens when the government money dries up?
After traveling the globe, from Congo to Patagonia, where does Paul Theroux still want to go?
“Obama would like to reach peace in the Middle East and has to be convinced that Israel agrees with this,” Shimon Peres says. “Of course, he’s not convinced.”
Officials could not say for sure whether the low growth reflected the start of a trend or the continuing effects of the recession.
In his work Mr. Shapiro examined his life as a man, a husband, a father and a Jew.
A Chinese company plans to demolish a century-old mining village to make way for an enormous copper mine, but many residents have resisted, staging marches and other protests.
As the film “56 Up” shows, closeness is important to our generation, whether here or in Britain.
Critics of Leung Chun-ying, the city’s chief executive, have accused him of misleading the public on a controversial real estate issue, but he has appeared to retain the support of Beijing.
The Senate easily passed the measure, which also put off cuts in spending, early on Tuesday after the deadline on the so-called fiscal cliff had passed. Republican House aides said a vote Tuesday was possible.
“Water by the Spoonful,” the Pulitzer Prize-winning play by Quiara Alegría Hudes, at the Second Stage Theater, is a moving collage of lives in crisis.
A sluggish housing market that has worsened with France’s weakened economy.
Development is offering hope for a new relationship between Kent, Ohio, and Kent State University, where four students died in the Vietnam War era.
Syria’s Kurds have mostly escaped direct conflict in the country’s civil war, but with rebel units pushing east toward the Kurdish heartland, this may not remain the case.
State Senator Dean G. Skelos of New York indicated a new willingness to back not only a higher minimum wage, but also college aid for illegal immigrants’ children.
The battle between fans and foes of oil exploration is being acted out with the greatest intensity in the fight over the proposed Keystone XL pipeline, which would stretch from Canada to the Texas Gulf Coast.
The governor’s State of the State address was subtler than the one he gave two years ago, when he was setting up for a presidential run, but it was still political.
Egyptians in Tahrir Square protested against the Muslim Brotherhood, and the military is said to have deployed armored vehicles in Suez on Saturday to restore security.
Was GS Yuasa, the Japanese company that made the Dreamliner’s lithium-ion battery, chosen based on merit or a quid pro quo arrangement?
The deliberations over the Emancipation Proclamation built the leadership backbone of Abraham Lincoln, and offer huge lessons for modern executives.
With a premium being placed on international experience,  
job training becomes the focus of the summer study abroad program.
When a cubicle is the classroom, who is grading the companies? Research suggests many colleges are ignoring their oversight responsibilities.
A proposal by Dave Camp of the House Ways and Means Committee would change the way derivatives are taxed and the way capital gains are calculated.
Cardinal Glemp helped steer his nation through a historic and relatively peaceful transition from communism to democracy in 1989.
Supporters say that if the gay marriage bill gets to the Senate, it would pass, but opponents are skeptical and state senators are being lobbied heavily by both sides.
Prices in Gibraltar fall, but less than the big drops in the Spanish market.
There is a modernizing Russia and a retrograde Russia, and the West must learn to deal with each.
A once-beloved Kentucky high school team fights to regain glory.
Where banks rode out the recession, public trust in banking institutions is stable, a new survey says. But in European countries, that trust plunged and has not recovered.
Ambitious experiments in collecting revenue that are taking place at the state level could shape the national approach on taxes.
Nigerians are brought up to believe that some are born to own and enjoy, while others are born to toil and endure.
In the field of education, Conrad Wolfram, who founded ComputerBasedMath.org, is known for his campaign to change the way mathematics are taught in schools.
An Iranian construction company contended that a check for nearly $70 million in Venezuelan currency found in the carry-on bag of a former economy minister had a mundane purpose.
Like an overwhelming number of Greeks, we are fighting to keep our dignity and avoid the despair enveloping our country.
The story of Salam Fayyad, the Palestinian prime minister, is a case study in wasted opportunity.
The 0.6 percent decline in G.D.P. during the fourth quarter means the euro zone has effectively been in recession since 2011.
