Infrastructure won’t happen until the Democrats regain control.
Amazon might have been the center of a new tech ecosystem in Queens. Here’s what the city can do next.
A top security official outlined an alternative approach to the Trump administration’s call to keep the Chinese company Huawei out of 5G networks.
With Trump and Putin pulling out of treaties, it may be up to Congress to prevent an arms race.
Let us help you start your day.
Divisions within the White House persist despite a publicly united front on the status of trade talks with China.
From the start, Pakistan has pushed its propaganda more effectively than India. But India says no gesture can be taken seriously until Pakistan cracks down on terrorism.
Why American conservatism after Trump may learn to like the state.
After nearly three agonizing years, the people are fed up. What’s next — recession, civil unrest or another referendum?
It’s been a busy week in American politics. Here are some of the stories you might have missed.
Vice President Mike Pence is commonly seen around Washington as a mute helpmate to a bombastic president. On foreign soil, he has toyed with the idea of branching out — just not too far.
Campaign sees hotels, guesthouses, restaurants shuttered.
“Borderless money” is more than a buzzword when you live in a collapsing economy and a collapsing dictatorship.
Plus, what a sneaker says about college sports, and questions about the next step in building wireless networks.
An unusually harsh rebuke a week after a deadly bombing in India shows waning patience over Pakistan’s treatment of militants.
There is little difference between the country’s ruling party and the opposition.
The automaker is spending $4.5 billion on several plants to produce three Jeep models, reflecting consumers’ growing preference for bigger vehicles.
Two readers disagree with an Op-Ed writer’s belief that counting women is the wrong approach.
Representative French Hill warns against interfering in the free market.
President Trump wants big changes from China. But China’s leader is seeking security in a year that includes the 30th anniversary of the Tiananmen bloodshed.
The old rules are being rejected, among liberals and conservatives, politicians and economists.
Can you find Madagascar on a map? What else do you know about this African nation with 25.7 million people?
There are other tools that don’t involve quite the risks and challenges of targeting the richest families.
Evangelicals, artists and other groups have pushed back against official decisions in recent months, forcing the government to negotiate.
Paris and Berlin can’t agree on how to lead Europe forward.
Liquid natural gas producers from Qatar, Norway and the U.S. are in line to deliver enough fuel to keep the lights on in Poland — and to complicate relations between Russia and the U.S.
Let us help you start your day.
Just two months into the year, the value of acquisitions of American biotech companies has already exceeded last year’s total.
Million-dollar-plus autos are selling less often at auction, at the slowest pace since 2008, when the car insurer Hagerty started tracking this data.
Home prices in the capital city, Sofia, have been rising for years, but now that supply is catching up to demand, the market is slowing.
Also: The most basic sin of economics journalism.
I set out to understand how a group of real estate professionals allegedly used Airbnb to convert apartments into illegal hotel rooms.
China can pay him off; places with rule of law can’t.
A rising star of the labor movement, she’s made a career of getting unruly people to do what she wants.
Nannies and housecleaners have some of the hardest, least secure jobs in the nation. Now they’re organizing to change that.
Curators say the goal was not to choose “hot” artists but to include those facing pressures from art school debt and the collapse of small galleries.
As governments pull back on spending, companies are paying for private terminals, joining in renovations and even reopening an airport to commercial flights.
A Tufts University project seeks to make “history more visible” — from slavery to Black Lives Matter — with a map of historic African-American sites in Boston and beyond.
Readers respond to columns by Bret Stephens, David Brooks and Ross Douthat.
Sanctions on the country’s oil export will further damage a collapsed economy, increasing the risk of starvation.
What the world has learned from Trump’s trade war.
We get a look at his transcript on trade policy. It’s not pretty.
While the United States and China have made progress toward a compromise, Beijing is leery of holding a summit without concluding a deal first.
Let us help you start your day.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Plus, disappointing job numbers, Mario Batali is officially out of the restaurant business and Brexit approaches peak mayhem.
Let us help you start your day.
Turkish government figures show two consecutive quarters of declining growth amid falling investor confidence, shrinking investment and rising prices.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika, however, said he would remain in power until a successor was found, raising questions about when or whether he would actually step down.
Research suggests that the challenges aren’t a series of single strands, but a spider web of them.
How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?
Our victories are quiet, but we need to be loud about how essential they are.
I did, and it isn’t what I expected. I am more involved in social and racial justice, economic development and feminism than I ever was in a big city.
What do people stand to gain — and lose — if the ritual is discontinued?
An offer from a senior Chinese official could make a trade deal easier to achieve — but also more fragile.
New York was riveted by a debate over incentives offered to Amazon to build a headquarters. But Hudson Yards, the huge office and luxury residential development in Manhattan, has received far more.
Want proof? Look at the economic forecasts of the past decade — and all the disappointments that have followed.
The 391 to 242 vote left Britain in limbo, without a clear way forward on Brexit, and threatens Prime Minister May’s hold on power.
This word has appeared in 99 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year.
Here’s what you need to know.
Venezuelan officials blamed the opposition and the United States for the outage, but provided no evidence. At a hospital with a backup generator, one man said, “A lot of us are going to die here.”
President Trump’s top trade negotiator told lawmakers that he could not predict success in ending the trade war, offering a more cautious assessment than other administration officials.
The decision not to debate on Fox is shortsighted and could hurt the party and its candidates.
The authorities also detained a prominent journalist for the supposed sabotage of the electrical system.
Brexit has trapped British politics. Burn it down and start fresh.
Doctors, hospitals, drug companies and insurers have a simple message: The Affordable Care Act works reasonably well and should be improved, not repealed or replaced with a big new public program.
Here’s what you need to know.
Dariga Nazarbayeva boosted her chance of following her father as president, but a messy divorce and the lurid death of her former husband might get in the way.
The move by the big utility in the New York suburbs has set off anger and panic among developers, threatening a real estate boom and creating uncertainty over jobs.
As Britain’s political crisis deepens, the bloc agreed to an extension, but only if Parliament passes a withdrawal plan it has twice rejected.
A century of Danish advances for women met a barrier when a legislator was told by another female lawmaker that her baby had no place in Parliament, setting off a debate about gender politics.
In a Twitter barrage, the president called on G.M. and the United Auto Workers to start talks that would put an Ohio factory back to work.
Algeria’s army finally turns its back on the president. But the protesters want much more than that.
Readers react to Paul Krugman’s statement that “nobody knows how to reverse” the economic decline of the heartland.
Withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal has paid dividends.
The growing prominence of the B.D.S. movement — and the backlash to it — is widening fault lines from college campuses to Capitol Hill.
Lobbyists are pressing legislatures, and sometimes working around them, to keep workers from being deemed employees and save the companies billions.
The strict copyright law will require Google and other technology companies to compensate musicians, authors and news publishers.
Let us help you start your day.
China’s surrender to Western powers after the first Opium War helps explain Beijing’s interest for a global trading order that works more on its terms, historians say.
Here’s your weekly smorgasbord of all the tech and business news you missed, plus what you should know heading into Monday.
With days until local elections, Turkey’s banking regulator accused JPMorgan Chase and other banks of issuing “misleading and manipulative” investment advice.
Two hurricanes slowed a budding effort to reclaim the island’s agricultural and culinary independence. But its chefs, farmers and entrepreneurs are rebuilding.
Worries that the United States economy could slip into recession plagued investors for the second straight trading day. In Japan, the market fell 3 percent.
President Trump has tried to get the Federal Reserve to share his love of low interest rates. Now he’s ratcheting up the pressure.
Nursultan Nazarbayev is leaving the presidency but will retain considerable power.
The Temptations’ dancing was essential to their allure. Sergio Trujillo makes it more intricate, stylistically varied and narratively sophisticated.
Xu Zhangrun boldly criticized China’s repressive policies. Now his university has suspended him and started an inquiry. But he is not retreating.
House Democratic leaders, responding to a letter from Representative Rashida Tlaib, seek to make it clear: “We’re not focused on impeachment.”
Let us help you start your day.
Remembering the economic work my former Princeton colleague devoted his life to.
The 2008 crisis showed what happens when financial regulation is weakened while the economy is strong. The Trump administration is doing it again.
Investors have finally started to chase this year’s stock market rally, which has been driven largely by the Federal Reserve’s sharp turn away from steady rate increases.
The Treasury Department is punishing two Chinese shipping companies for helping North Korea evade sanctions.
The chancellor of the Exchequer said that the government could reap a $35 billion Brexit dividend, but only if it reaches a deal with the European Union.
Chinese leaders have long sported unnaturally black heads of hair. Mr. Xi is going gray as he builds his image as a man of the people.
The campaign promises of Mexico’s president generated great expectations, but the country’s hard realities may bring a reckoning sooner than later.
A “formulation” gathers the biological, psychological and social factors that lead to a mental illness — and offers clues to the way out of suffering.
Can you find Mongolia on a map? What else do you know about this Northern Asian nation with about 3.1 million people?
Let us help you start your day.
Capitalism, he says, is slowly committing suicide.
Revenue warnings from Apple and Delta Air Lines and weaker manufacturing data suggest that the economy and corporate profits are slowing more than expected.
One year after marijuana legalization California sales are down, tax revenues are well below forecasts and the black market thrives.
We need the next wave of innovation, and we need it now. 
His message to investors seemed to repair the damage from his remarks two weeks ago. 
A new study found that most authors’ incomes are below the poverty line.
Here’s what you need to know.
Let us help you start your day.
Let us help you start your day. 
The president deserves to lose his job — and he’s vulnerable. Just look at the final midterm results.
The current political and economic environment makes Jack Kelly’s examination of the events that ended the Gilded Age both timely and urgent.
The White House said Monday that Ms. Liang, an expert on financial regulation, had decided not to seek a seat on the Federal Reserve’s board.
The talks, by midlevel government officials, are aimed at reaching an agreement that could end a trade war between the two countries.
President Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela was inaugurated for the second time on Thursday. How has he managed to maintain power?
It was a good idea that didn’t catch on in 2007. Now we’re running out of time.
The ideological divide among news outlets is evident in shutdown coverage, but even in conservative areas there is some divergence from President Trump’s hard-line rhetoric.
The global liquor industry is pouring capital into the region. But will tourists really travel for the “whiskey experience”?
Even as Facebook, Google and others confronted challenges in 2018, their ambitions were undimmed. After all, so much of life remains undisrupted.
In his New Year’s Day speech, North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, said he was ready to meet with President Trump again but warned against continued sanctions against his country.
Parents in Indiana are demanding the clean-up of a toxic site and questioning environmental rollbacks that could prevent future chemical disasters like the one they face. 
Wednesday: Our Tech editor Pui-Wing Tam talks about what her team learned in 2018; a Rose Parade fire; and onscreen California geography goofs
Thursday: Reporters pick stories that defined California beyond the mayhem, unheeded Paradise warnings and a Taco Bell transit map of dreams.
More Chinese companies went public in the United States in 2018 than in any year since 2014.
Let us help you start your day.
Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative and a China skeptic, wants to prevent an anxious president from making a quick, empty deal in a rush to calm the markets.
About 800,000 federal employees, and the citizens who depend on them, are being hurt for an empty political stunt.
After a suicide bombing in Kashmir and brinkmanship with Pakistan, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is finding some undecided voters rallying to him.
Our 52 Places Traveler thought she could rely on downloads as armor against the unknowns of global travel. That’s not how it went down.
Collectors offer advice on how to buy fine art, and when to sell it.
Europe has less inequality and more social mobility because its taxation schemes reach deeper into society and do more for everyone.
The 20-year-old said he had acted alone in publishing private information of hundreds of lawmakers and others, the authorities said.
Jeff Slutzky makes his New York Times Crossword debut, ably abetted by Derek Bowman.
As the country nears the end of its third week of a government shutdown, the nation’s capital has borne the brunt of its consequences.
President Trump addressed the country on Tuesday, the 18th day of the government shutdown, about border security. Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer delivered the Democratic response.
The president’s latest call for a border wall stirred weariness among leaders and citizens alike. At least, those who could be troubled to listen to it.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Only Washington and Beijing, working together, can slow climate change and the spread of nuclear weapons.
It’s been a very long two weeks. 
The White House doubled its estimate of the shutdown’s drag on growth, and other economists warned a long stalemate could push the economy into a contraction.
Many Americans would welcome some traits of the island’s free, universal health care system. 
An influential financier says investors should pay heed to growing risks and social tensions — a message resonating at the World Economic Forum.
Here’s what you need to know.
Furloughed government employees desperate for income have become unlikely entrants into America’s gig economy, substitute teaching, babysitting and delivering food.
President Trump’s monthlong impasse with Congress over his proposed border wall has all but frozen the rest of his policy agenda.
Let us help you start your day.
The characters in “Broad City,” “High Maintenance” and “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt” have learned to love New York in the era of gentrification.
Early indications suggest the French president may be turning a corner after weeks of stunned retreat, even as he tests the patience of his opponents.
A former Chinese official with Australian citizenship, Mr. Yang flew from New York to Guangzhou despite friends’ warnings that it was too dangerous.
The search engine already cleansed its results, suggesting foreign companies can do little to get in the good graces of Beijing’s online regulators.
Let us help you start your day.
Readers see politics at work and a lost opportunity for middle and lower income students.
Xavier Veilhan has an unconventional work space but a traditional approach to the midday meal.
What is the French-backed currency, the C.F.A. franc, used by 14 nations in western and central Africa?
The red carpet was there as the Arab League held its fourth economic and social summit. But it was trod upon by only the smallest of feet.
Let us help you start your day.
Let us help you start your day. 
President Nicolás Maduro, facing a direct challenge to his hold on power, told American diplomats to leave, an order the United States said it would ignore.
Here’s what you need to know.
Let us help you start your day. 
Readers on both sides of the issue respond to an anti-abortion Op-Ed article. 
The inquiry grew out of a 2014 civil suit and appears unrelated to other pressure faced by the Chinese company, two people familiar with the case said.
The company said it could not come to financial terms for the nearly $20 billion endeavor with the British and Japanese governments.
Muslims now make up one of the fastest-growing segments of the global travel industry. In response, hotels and tour operators are increasingly trying to meet their dietary and religious needs.
Investors are wising up to the bubble in risky corporate bonds. But it may be too late for companies that took on more debt than they can handle.
Recession fears have emerged despite strong job growth, making some investors wary of stocks and looking for havens in a turbulent start to 2019.
Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat re-elected in November, presented an aggressively progressive platform promising to make New York a leader among liberal states.
Britain’s opposition leader has strained to keep his options open on E.U. withdrawal. But his party’s votes will be critical to the outcome, and time is running out.
For Mr. Jones, the fight over the shutdown, in a state where President Trump is popular and many federal workers live, is a reminder that his party’s views are out of step back home.
After a historic Brexit vote, the country requires statesmanship. Too bad it has Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn.
All the debate has come up against a stubborn fact: Brexit is damaging to the British national interest.
An agreement that would raise the minimum wage to $15 by 2024 would place New Jersey among the most progressive states on a so-called living wage, joining California and Massachusetts.
Let us help you start your day. 
Many of the big economic questions in coming decades will come down to just how extreme the weather will be, and how to value the future versus the present. 
Readers discuss the tit-for-tat between the president and Nancy Pelosi, and how to end the impasse that is causing hardships for federal workers.
Brussels has celebrated its unity in negotiations with Britain, and it has successfully demonstrated the pain of leaving the E.U. But at what cost?
Despite a recent downswing in the market, Ecuador’s low cost of living and access to affordable health care make it a popular destination for North Americans.
Much of that money will be recouped as workers receive back pay, but the financial damage is lingering and another potential shutdown looms.
A long while.
Polarization is everywhere. But it’s being challenged in Poland by a handful of magazines across the political spectrum. They’ve begun sharing articles, to show readers a variety of viewpoints.
For this issue, a look at the center of China's campaign to dominate the global economy. 
The Federal Reserve said it expected continued growth but, in a sharp reversal, indicated it stood ready either to increase or to reduce rates, depending on economic conditions.
Forecasters, investors and policymakers lack many of the reports they rely on, just as concerns grow that the nation’s economic expansion could be ending.
President Trump agreed to reopen the government for three weeks, a surprise retreat from his demands for a border wall. Here’s what else has happened.
The despot of Zimbabwe was ousted in 2017. But much remains of his tyranny and misrule.
India’s prime minister faces charges of bypassing procedures, causing loss in public funds, compromising national security and using the arms deal to offer a lucrative contract to an ally.
Let us help you start your day.
Let us help you start your day.
President Hassan Rouhani said that severe American economic sanctions, not the Iranian government, should be blamed for problems like a crashing currency and rising costs.
Why a brave Democrat should make the case for vastly expanding immigration. 
It is too far away and intervention would be too costly. Moscow will probably content itself with hurling insults at the U.S. from the sidelines.
Writing the “What You Get” feature, which involves finding three homes around the country for about the same price, is an adventure in armchair browsing.
The company reported revenue of $32.5 billion in the last quarter, and it made a profit of almost $8.6 billion, big increases over the same period a year ago.
Let us help you start your day.
The U.S. should send more soft power and less hard power to the region.
No one, particularly ordinary Cubans, is benefiting from the 60-year feud.
Democrats avoided any outbursts or walkouts that could have presented a bad image, but their silence as Republicans clapped repeatedly spoke volumes.
The State of the Union address suggested that America’s political drama was becoming an ensemble, not a one-man show anymore.
Every month, Netflix Canada adds a batch of movies and TV shows to its library. Here are the titles we think are most interesting for February.
Let us help you start your day.
Some of the first couple’s 13 guests are the human faces of narratives that President Trump has been crafting and wishes to advance.
