After the debate.
Mr. Bald on his recent book “Bengali Harlem and the Lost Histories of South Asian America” and his plans to turn it into a documentary.
A Century Foundation report shows a sharp increase in enrollment of lower-income, nonwhite students at community colleges, institutions that will do much to shape the economy.
After an optimistic prediction for growth this week, a look back at past council projections.
Racing to invest in Indonesia; France approves marriage for same-sex couples; worries about Al Qaeda in Nigeria; worldwide fame for a bakery in Alsace; and bigger prizes at Wimbledon.
Strange arguments against fiscal expansion.
Women’s increasing role in Syria’s conflict; questions about the overhaul of Indonesia’s military; new Auschwitz prosecutions; oil in Kurdistan; and a dramatic end to Malaga’s Champions League appearance.
India and the United States need to build upon the success of the civil nuclear deal and work toward the next defining moment.
A back-of-the-envelope exercise in valuing the Hangzhou-based e-commerce giant should it seek to go public.
The British bank Barclays said on Wednesday that first-quarter pretax profit dropped 25 percent as it set aside money to pay for a major overhaul of its operations.
Whether you are living in Pakistan or abroad, join a discussion of what the most important issues are in the country’s general election this weekend.
Sprint Nextel’s path to recovery has been complicated by Dish Network. | Google is close to a deal to acquire Waze. | Experts were trying to explain the steep sell-off in bonds in recent weeks. | A new Securities and Exchange Commission official may have to navigate possible conflicts.
Was shutting down an entire city last week really a good idea?
Warren Buffett’s $5.6 billion bet on NV Energy in Nevada suggests he is coming up short on decent ways to deploy his cash.
JPMorgan Chase said on Friday that its first-quarter profit rose 33 percent to $6.5 billion. | Prosecutors filed insider trading charges against Scott I. London, a former senior executive at the accounting giant KPMG. | Joh. A. Benckiser agreed to pay $9.8 billion for D.E Master Blenders 1753, a European coffee company. | Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss have built up a sizable position in bitcoins.
A new study looks at why the divide between rich and poor nations remains so large in an age when technologies spread so much more quickly.
Morgan Stanley posts a first-quarter profit of $1 billion. | Rising profits may turn out to be a source of discomfort for banks. | A top Barclays executive, Rich Ricci, is stepping down. | Stephen A. Feinberg has emerged as a possible buyer of the gun maker Freedom Group.
For the second time in a week, the head of the Church of England has aired critical views about the British economy and the banking crisis. Some suggest that, as a former businessman, the Right Rev. Justin Welby might be worth listening to.
Small farms see massive increase in crop yields using a new, fertilizer-free growing method.
After heightened anticipation about a possible pullback from stimulus, here is how the Fed’s latest policy statement and Ben S. Bernanke’s news conference unfolded.
Political news from today’s Times, plus a look at the weekly addresses and the latest happenings in Washington.
The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association announced that Judd A. Gregg, a former Republican senator from New Hampshire, would become the group’s chief executive.
The May jobs report appears to show little change in the general economic picture, and for Wall Street that’s not a bad thing.
In the last three months, the federal work force has shrunk by about 45,000 positions, including 14,000 in May alone.
A 2010 paper argued that countries with heavy debt loads tended to experience slower rates of growth. A new study argues that the paper was flawed, in part because of calculation errors.
The monthly employment report due Friday may be disappointing — because of strange weather, the sequester and a pattern in initial data releases of understating changes in the numbers.
Best of long-form journalism this week.
Daniel K. Tarullo, a governor at the Federal Reserve, described a measure aimed at requiring the biggest banks to hold extra capital. Many might prefer to become smaller banks instead.
The market turmoil of recent weeks is affecting a range of companies seeking to go public. | Heads of Wall Street firms cheered the Supreme Court decision on gay marriage. | The Securities and Exchange Commission plans to test a new policy of requiring admissions of wrongdoing, according to a report. | States and cities are learning that the days of easy money are coming to an end.
Invest, divest, and grow.
The recent spurt in bank business lending is starting to flash some warning signs. The concern is that banks are making loans to businesses at rates that are so low that they may end up being unprofitable for the lenders.
Citigroup agreed on Thursday to sell its consumer banking business in Turkey to the local lender DenizBank as it continues to reduce its operations outside of the United States.
More power for women is inevitable, and a very good thing, an economist writes.
From GM to Apple.
Silicon Valley and several small companies and nonprofits are working to increase the number of women in the technology industry by teaching teenage girls how to write computer code.
The Fed versus fiscal policy.
Volkswagen will give its German factory workers more pay, and Henrik Fisker may be trying to get his company back.
Political techniques may have changed, but lobbyists still deliver a terrific return on investment.
The Federal Reserve causes global ripples; extremism among Myanmar Buddhists; wary foreign investment in Russia; and a Czech hockey player keeps his countrymen up at night.
To ease Chinese antitrust concerns, Glencore said it would sell a Peruvian copper mine owned by Xstrata. Glencore also said Mick Davis would step down as chief executive of Xstrata as soon as the takeover was completed.
A Dutch reporter in Cairo spent Monday night in jail after the owner of a cafe detained her on suspicion of “spreading European culture” and endangering Egypt’s national security by looking for subjects to interview.
Gold prices tumbled 9 percent on Monday, the sharpest drop in 30 years, as stocks and other commodities also felt the impact of a disappointing report on Chinese growth.
The heir apparent of the Congress Party gave the most candid speech of his political career to date.
G.M. boasts 24 m.p.g. highway fuel economy on its new EcoTec3 V-6-equipped rear-wheel-drive pickup trucks.
DealBook is on the ground in Omaha to cover Berkshire Hathaway’s annual shareholder meeting, where tens of thousands of investors have gathered to listen to Warren E. Buffett speak
In the latest victory for France’s most jealously protected sparkling wine, Chinese authorities have agreed that only the real thing is allowed to be called Champagne.
Mr. Godrej offers advice on achieving high economic growth, winning investors’ confidence and more.
A county in Alabama took a big step toward resolving its bankruptcy. | Regulators are preparing for an important vote on the money market fund industry. | Obama’s planned F.B.I. nominee could offer a peek at the largest hedge fund in the world. | Patent rights are set to be publicly traded on a new exchange.
HSBC and Standard Chartered were fined for funneling illicit money, rather than indicted.
Marie Bigham, a veteran college counselor, and Mark Kantrowitz, an expert on paying for college, answer select reader questions about where to enroll. Part 5.
This isn’t hard, folks.
By tying up the White House with short-term matters, Congress is making it impossible to discuss the big issues that will determine the country’s economic prospects.
It’s always sunny in Ireland.
Card companies are competing aggressively for customers who have excellent credit.
President Obama plans to meet President Xi Jinping of China next month for the first time since Mr. Xi’s installation as the Chinese leader, as the two men try to address critical issues like North Korea, the global economy and allegations of state-sponsored cyber attacks.
The old stuff doesn’t work anymore. And that’s why I want to hire people who are trying to create new things.
The transactions that have come under a spotlight are valid and effective tools for banks to reduce risk while enabling them to continue to run their core businesses, which are at the heart of the economic recovery, the author contends.
Forecasting, not modeling.
The argument that higher capital requirements would damage banks remains unproven, an economist writes.
The United Progressive Alliance touted an average 8 percent annual growth rate as one of its major achievements in eight of the nine years it has been in power.
Ms. Slaughter replaces Steve Coll, whose five-year tenure at the foundation is soon ending.
Morgan Stanley has agreed to sell its Indian wealth management unit to the British bank Standard Chartered for an undisclosed amount.
We asked chefs, scientists, chief executives and others to tell us the invention they crave.
Very bad policy.
In three regions — the upper Midwest, New England and the area around Washington — the job market for younger adults is considerably stronger than in the rest of the country.
Doctrines work or they don’t.
A provision forcing members of Congress to get their health insurance under the exchanges set up by the Affordable Care Act may prompt them to make such coverage too attractive, and ultimately weaken the system, an economist writes.
Chevrolet has announced pricing for its SS performance sedan and Bonhams auction house says it had its best Greenwich sale ever over the weekend.
Political coverage over the last week has focused on a series of stories that reflect negatively on the executive branch, but President Obama’s approval ratings have held steady.
In the past, the Securities and Exchange Commission relied mainly on the market to flag accounting problems at companies that would lead to an investigation. Now, it is devising new programs to be more proactive.
Austerity USA.
Street traffic is exploding in Cambodia. And no one can keep up.
Political news from today’s Times and a look at the latest happenings in Washington.
Fixed-income revenue fell 27 percent at the Jefferies Group in the second quarter, the firm reported Monday, sending a shiver through Wall Street that others will report weak bond-trading results.
New leaks indicate U.S. and British eavesdropping; Turkey cracks down on protests; debating the right to be forgotten; Japanese women in science; and high expectations for a young Brazilian soccer player.
Feel the adjustment!
Ms. Grieder’s new book analyzes the Lone Star state’s past, present and future.
European Union aid to Egypt has amounted to the equivalent of $1.35 billion in recent years. But, according to the alliance’s own auditors, much of the money is unaccounted for.
A collection of links from the reporters and editors of the Dining section.
Inequality, in terms of both income and wealth, has widened since the recession, and some attribute the gap at least in part to the Federal Reserve’s efforts to revive the economy.
As part of a 600-page report, the British parliamentary commission on banking standards is urging new laws that would make it a criminal offense to recklessly mismanage local financial institutions.
Mr. Modi has won over the business community and the middle class with promises of encouraging private and foreign capital and focusing on fast growth rates.
Gee, why didn’t our economic fantasies work?
A summary of what’s on today’s editorial page.
The Volkswagen Group vies for the world’s top position as Porsche unveils a plug-in hybrid Panamera.
How it all went wrong.
If your prediction was wrong, it must be Obama’s fault.
Both the archbishop of Canterbury and the British spy services issued scathing assessments of Prime Minister David Cameron’s handling of the economy.
A new study from the Kaiser Family Foundation helps sort out how much of the recent moderation in health care costs is related to causes other than the economy.
Deutsche Bank’s stock rose on Tuesday on expectations that a $3.87 billion share sale would clear the way for higher dividend payments.
Pondering immigrant progress as the Senate debates immigration reform.
N.H.T.S.A. will sit down with critics of its handling of the Chrysler recall, and New York legislators table a bill that could affect Tesla’s business in the state.
In his budget, President Obama should have made a stronger case for what he would like to accomplish, then found the means to pay for it, an economist writes.
The Great Recession has been a disaster for the employment prospects of the young, but the story is quite different at the other end of the life cycle.
Rockets hit southern Beirut; Greece struggles to untangle land ownership; Ai Weiwei depicts his detention; a winner at Cannes; a German wins the Monaco Grand Prix 30 years after his father; Serena Williams en français.
Plain ordinary macro has worked fine.
In theory, our tax system tries to trace the value of a product to its economic roots. For Apple’s design and marketing, the roots are in the United States, the author writes.
Inflation is sticky, it seems.
Morgan Stanley reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of $1 billion, or 50 cents a share, but share prices fell to their lowest level since January.
Dell begins its official campaign to support a proposed $24.4 billion sale. | Lloyds Banking to a sell $5 billion in real estate-backed securities. | Would-be masters of the universe learn spreadsheet modeling at ‘boot camps.’
To understand the Chinese economy, it also helps to pay attention to changes in Chinese politics.
By the accounts of many economic studies, an increase in immigration is likely to leave most American workers better off.
Europe on U.S. surveillance; the meaning of Taksim Square; business hopes in Myanmar; and tennis showdown in Paris.
At their core, are America’s problems primarily economic or moral?
As China buys strategic assets around the world and flexes its commercial muscle, will Western countries increasingly have to play by Beijing’s statist rules? Do these threaten democracies?
The Bugatti Veyron Supersport was dethroned by the Guinness Book of World Records as the world’s fastest production car.
Hassan Rouhani, a moderate cleric, injected some passion into Iran’s presidential race on Monday when he showed a flash of anger during an interview on state television.
He also advises on nonmeh footwear for toddlers.
At Hermès on Saturday night, Veronique Nichanian managed to hit all of this year’s fashion notes without breaking a sweat.
The covert data miners at the National Security Agency stole the thunder of the more predictable number crunchers at the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Structural and cultural weaknesses mean India’s future economic growth rests on a shaky foundation.
The Detroit police caught thieves trying to steal hundreds of gallons of gasoline, and Justin Bieber has been spotted driving a leopard-print-covered Audi R8.
Political news from today’s Times, a look at the weekly party addresses and the latest happenings in Washington.
Doom at 90, and other misconceptions.
Brooks and Collins compare cooperation among animals in the wild to cooperation among politicians in Washington.
The recent sell-off in bonds has hit hard in the municipal market, forcing governments to pay higher interest rates for crucial infrastructure projects.
High rents are not detracting from Hong Kong’s ability to lure high-end retailers, especially with a flood of mainland Chinese shoppers spending heavily in the city.
Seeking an Exit From Uranium | Citi, Rewriting the Rules | Bausch & Lomb Is Sold for $8.7 Billion | Club Med’s Future
A Senate panel questioned Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, and other Apple executives about how Apple sidestepped tens of billions of dollars in taxes.
Ferrari expands its museum to include Formula One racecars and cinematic history, and Fiat revives the limited Gucci edition of the 500.
The influence of Tiananmen on China’s elite; harsh treatment continues for Roma in France; the expansion of the Venice Biennale; and worries about the America’s Cup sailing race.
The United States has always benefited from immigration and will continue to do so, an economist writes.
One of the world’s largest food companies offered its support on Wednesday for changes to the way the United States provides food aid to developing countries, adding critical agribusiness backing for President Obama’s overhaul plans.
The leader of the Church of England said London bankers were disconnected and entitled.
As corruption allegations again engulf the scandal-tainted Congress Party, calls for India’s prime minister to step down are increasing.
The question of how to measure the dollar gap between classes in America has economists riled up.
Majorities agree with his policy positions, but give him tepid marks overall.
In part two of a series, an owner explains how he concluded that his sales process had gone off the tracks and that he needed to do something about it.
The White House unveils a long-awaited plan to cut carbon pollution along with risks from unavoidable warming.
Investors and entrepreneurs say that economic conditions in Brazil are difficult, but that long-term prospects remain highly favorable.
Related Companies and Oxford Property Group announced that they had completed the financing for a 47-story office tower and signed up three tenants for the building: Coach, L’Oreal USA and SAP.
The movement to emancipate Turkish women through secularization in the 1920s was just a first step in achieving gender equality. It’s time observant religious women also benefited.
In an amended prospectus on Tuesday, SeaWorld Entertainment said it planned to sell 20 million shares at $24 to $27 apiece.
An International Monetary Fund report paints a picture of a tepid American economy, a situation that would be better if not for policy mistakes and misplaced priorities, an economist writes.
The Federal Reserve has been effective in holding inflation to a target. But it is not clear whether fighting inflation and fostering job creation can be effectively pursued in tandem.
Amid a rejiggering of the company’s branding, Lincoln is focusing as much on its cars’ features as it is upon customer service.
During the recent awards season, Latin American photographers have proven themselves to be formidable competitors on the international stage.
Just when the wealthy will pay their taxes is something of a mystery and complicates Treasury planning, an economist writes.
NEW YORK — As global markets tumbled and the Dow Jones Industrial Average headed for what could be its biggest percentage decline of the year, Rendezvous editor, Marcus Mabry, sat down with Nelson Schwartz and Nathaniel Popper, New York Times business reporters, to find out why.
Challenging Google; Merkel, Putin, and NGOs; Latin in Finland; fashion’s new stripes; Margaret Thatcher and the arts; and Djokovic’s ankle.
Mr. Rhee on how India could improve upon delivery of public services and reduce poverty.
North Korea on Tuesday urged foreigners to consider leaving the South, saying it did not want to see them “fall victim to the war.”
After hitting a snag last week, negotiations in the Senate for an agricultural worker program appear to be coming back from the brink.
A leader who transformed Britain by pushing the nation in new directions.
As a new Museum of Modern Art show reveals Claes Oldenburg’s early, pre-Pop Art work, he speaks about the times in which that work was made.
Like Europe today, Mexico three decades ago tried deep budget cuts and other measures to deal with debt, but a U-turn by creditors finally turned the tide.
In World War II, the country produced the feared Mitsubishi Zero fighter planes. Today, the same company is working on a regional jet that it hopes will propel it into the industry’s big leagues.
The two-day effort by the Treasury secretary, Jacob J. Lew, to persuade Europe to reconsider its commitment to austerity met with courteous but firm rejection.
Time to supersize your bean burger and sweet potato fries.
One woman’s crusade to spread the gospel of meat.
The editor of an influential Communist Party journal had called China’s alliance with North Korea “outdated” in an article for a British newspaper.
The view from Berlin, set out by a range of policy makers who spoke on condition of anonymity, is that Germany has a unique responsibility for the survival of the single currency.
Breeders says current oversight is constraining the multimillion-dollar industry, but environmentalists say it has overstepped its bounds by shifting toward the commercial hunting industry.
In her book “Gulp,” Mary Roach takes a rollicking and ruminative journey through the digestive tract, with side trips to meet its bodily cousins.
A study of past returns from the Standard & Poor’s 500 suggests that the index’s recent highs should not discourage investors.
Europe needs to address risks in other financial hubs like Luxembourg and Malta, which have banking systems much bigger than their economies.
Viewed as a whole, the European stock market appears to have turned a corner, but some top  stocks are expensive and individual nations’ markets have taken divergent paths.
“Big, Hot, Cheap and Right: What America Can Learn from the Strange Genius of Texas” by Erica Greider, counters stereotypes about the state and explains why its economy is thriving.
An ambitious project would route water from Turkey using an experimental technology: a pipeline in the Mediterranean Sea.
A steep devaluation in the Egyptian pound, and the lack of hard currency, makes it harder to import expensive drugs because the law requires them to be resold at a fixed price.
What spending $638,412 on Gucci clothing means to Buzz Bissinger, the Pulitzer Prize winner, and to a few observers.
Portugal’s prime minister warned on Sunday that additional spending cuts were needed after a court struck down some austerity measures agreed to for a bailout two years ago.
Leaving the single currency would devastate Cyprus's wealth, fuel inflation, lead to default and leave the country friendless in a troubled neighborhood.
Central Americans fleeing crime and economic stagnation are flowing freely across Mexico’s southern border and causing a spike in migration to the United States.
The current energy revolution will be a boon to America’s economy, but it will in no way allow the United States to turn its back on the rest of the world.
While the austerity doctrine seems to have imploded, austerity has strengthened its grip on elite opinion. Why?
Manufacturing is making a comeback in Brooklyn. Have you seen the Spuni?
In today’s hyperconnected world, we all have to learn much more about investing in ourselves in order to succeed.
Officials are cracking down on the abuse of privileges that come with a military license plate, in a bid to address public anger at the army.
The Spanish market is in turmoil, and house prices are buyer-friendly.
Politicians have been taking more swings at President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his handling of the economy weeks before the election to pick a successor.
Antitax groups seem to be losing their influence, as Republican lawmakers’ constituents support legislation that would require Internet retailers to collect sales taxes.
With its revenue from commodities slipping, Indonesia is pushing to draw more tourists, but it faces obstacles including poor infrastructure and concerns about safety.
The share of Americans holding jobs has failed to improve much over the last three years, but Federal Reserve officials show little interest in expanding their stimulus campaign.
Mr. Slutzky and his brother founded the Hunter Mountain ski resort in upstate New York, which was known for its celebrity clientele and snow-making cannons.
The wealth gap might still be growing, experts said, further dimming the prospects for economic advancement for current and future generations of nonwhite Americans.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has pledged to curb patronage, but many of his allies have found jobs at New York’s economic development agency, including some with little experience.
The contentious plan would dismiss 15,000 civil servants by the end of next year as part of a new package of economic measures.
President Obama has nominated Howard Shelanski, the top economist at the Federal Trade Commission, to direct the White House office overseeing all federal regulations.
Experts say a seat in business class is worth the cost if working while aloft is critical.
On May Day in Havana, among the throngs of state employees marching was a novel and increasingly favored breed: private entrepreneurs and employees.
A court ruling and continuing budgetary difficulties have left Portugal’s government to reduce spending where it can — including in its education system, already one of the weakest in Europe.
At a farewell party for the French ambassador to Afghanistan, the guest of honor let the diplomatic mask slip to talk about the country’s future.
President Obama said he would nominate Anthony R. Foxx to succeed Ray LaHood as transportation secretary, in charge of the nation’s roads, bridges and airports.
As President Obama prepares to help dedicate the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum on Thursday, he embarks on an awkward ritual.
Reed Hastings, the video streaming giant’s chief executive, offered a rare public comment on his company’s 2011 Qwikster debacle, which nearly destroyed it, and its improbable rebound.
European officials who favored austerity have adopted a softer tone, backing away from a strategy that is widely unpopular with the public.
Rewriting the rules of engagement between companies, countries and shareholders might help avoid what some people see as corporate practices that are harmful to the wider community.
Nicolás Maduro, the handpicked protégé of Hugo Chávez, won an unexpectedly close race for the presidency. His rival demanded a recount.
German abandonment of the euro and return to the Deutsche mark is now a serious possibility. The euro experiment is failing.
Hosni Mubarak, Egypt’s former president, appeared to display new confidence in court, or perhaps a certain schadenfreude, as he appeared at a hearing to open his retrial.
In Barcelona, Albert and Ferran Adrià open Pakta, their first new space since closing El Bulli.
A dozen Libyans from grassroots, pro-democracy groups attended sessions in Madrid this month on Spain’s post-dictatorial transition to democracy.
President Obama used his spending plan to sketch out an economic future for the United States built on manufacturing, education, alternative energy, infrastructure and science.
Payroll taxes need to be flushed out into the open to expose their regressive effect.
Small companies that do business abroad need to employ some of the same strategies that big companies do.
One of China's biggest international enterprises is undergoing an unusual, American-style search for a successor to its founder.
Automatic federal budget cuts are playing havoc with emergency unemployment benefits.
Online security has come to mean protecting our entire way of life.
The proposal has business leaders and national advocacy groups concerned about how the changes might affect academic achievement in Texas, particularly for low-income and minority students.
