Protesters are pressing the government to push back against Freeport-McMoRan, a U.S. mining giant, and to regain control of natural resources.
Mr. Maduro said his plan would quell mounting protests against him, but his opponents called it an attempt to avoid elections.
South Koreans head to the polls on May 9. The leader they choose will face many uncertainties, not least of them President Trump.
Car buyers crave style, handling and reliability, all of which Mazda delivers in the redesigned crossover.
While frustrations and delays soar, Governor Cuomo has had little to say about the subway woes, and Mayor de Blasio has been wary of getting involved.
President Muhammadu Buhari’s medical leave at a time when Nigeria faces serious problems has raised questions about who exactly is in charge.
Former President Bill Clinton and Victor Fleming help us celebrate the 75th anniversary of The New York Times Crossword.
Many employers say college graduates often do not have the skills required for a job. Some colleges are working to solve that problem.
Prime Minister Theresa May stepped back from a proposal that would have capped the assets of those who receive long-term care at home.
Tips on how to be an ecotourist.
Senators voted 51 to 49 to block a measure that would have undone a regulation to control the release of methane from oil and gas wells on public land.
Brushing off questions on the new drama that threatened to stall Republicans’ agenda, the House speaker stayed focused on a subject dear to his heart.
Voters faced the starkest of choices in the second round of the presidential election, with many expected to support neither Emmanuel Macron nor Marine Le Pen.
The best of this spring’s cookbooks remind us of the meaning and value of home-cooked meals.
Four years of free public college might be unrealistic, but two years could help students find better jobs, and keep the country’s economy competitive.
On Site Opera produced this early comedy in the West Side Community Garden. It travels to Atlanta later this month.
Kellie Leitch, a candidate for leadership of Canada’s Conservative Party, has set off a debate that is not likely to go away.
O Globo, a Brazilian paper, reported that President Michel Temer also directed the businessman to pay a lawmaker to help resolve a company problem.
President Hassan Rouhani defeated his closest rival, Ebrahim Raisi, 57 percent to 38.5 percent, giving him a mandate to continue his quest to open Iran’s ailing economy to global investors.
President Vladimir V. Putin has called repeatedly for unity in fighting terrorism. President Trump seemed to take up that call, at least momentarily, on Tuesday.
At each major turn in Brazil’s long-simmering political crisis, secret recordings have produced one bombshell after another, tripping up some of Brazil’s most powerful politicians.
After President Trump declined to endorse NATO’s doctrine of collective defense and the Paris climate pact, the German leader said Europe should “take our fate into our own hands.”
Six confounding trade-offs in any tax deal show why this puzzle will probably prove arduous.
A proposed “border adjustment” tax is meeting furious opposition, threatening to jeopardize yet another signature legislative initiative.
American companies see tax relief to bring home cash stashed abroad, and mergers could result
A win for Mr. Moreno, a former vice president and close ally of departing President Rafael Correa, would be a rare victory for the Latin American left.
The Porsche family patriarch Ferdinand Piëch is selling most of his stake to relatives rather than to an outside investor who might have demanded changes.
Instead of freedom, workers at companies like Uber have encountered low wages and coercion.
Mr. Gangi, 73, plans to run against Bill de Blasio in a Democratic primary as an advocate of “social, racial and economic justice.”
The 1906 law, enacted under Theodore Roosevelt, has been used by presidents to protect vast tracts of public land from development and exploitation.
The ruling by a judge on Brazil’s Supreme Court allows prosecutors to start new inquiries of at least eight ministers in Mr. Temer’s cabinet and much of the senate.
Jaguar’s quietly handsome XE is more than a good romp on the back roads. It’s the brand’s most affordable vehicle.
“The Fourth Turning,” a 1997 book that foresees a crisis on par with the Civil War, helps explain the basis of an “America First” agenda that Stephen K. Bannon has helped shape.
Despite an expected rise, some analysts say that car sales aren’t coming as easily has they have in recent years, and the data may not tell the whole story.
Checking in on a Lower East Side institution, and a souvenir with staying power.
Jean-Luc Mélenchon, the far-left fourth-place finisher in France’s presidential vote, has refused to back Ms. Le Pen’s centrist opponent in the runoff, giving her an opportunity.
Americans hate their internet providers. So why is the president giving them more power?
In this lesson, students will analyze the growth of far-right movements in Europe and around the world.
Despite President Trump’s support of Keystone XL, state regulators still have say over the route. Some landowners see the pipeline as a threat to their water, farms and history.
The next president will enter office with Park Geun-hye on trial and Kim Jong-un rattling missiles.
Our Top 10 Comments of the Week: Readers debate an admission fee for non-locals at the Met, the French election results and flying cars.
France’s crisis of identity has long roots, in the Vichy regime and the war in Algeria. Can either candidate revive a sense of greatness?
An appeals court said it would delay a decision on the legality of the rule, which aims to tackle global warming by cutting emissions from coal-fired plants.
Monday: The state poet laureate, Holocaust Remembrance Day, and a neighbor’s poem.
Thousands of scientists and science enthusiasts took to the streets in Washington and around the world on Saturday to protest.
Prime Minister Theresa May was right to call for a snap election to solidify support during negotiations for a break with the European Union.
Members of the so-called collectives, or colectivos in Spanish, operate with impunity and will defend their besieged president at all costs, experts say.
Far-right populism has not fully crystallized electorally in Europe, though the issues that have animated the movements are not going anywhere.
King Salman also promoted his sons Prince Khaled bin Salman as ambassador to the U.S. and Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman as state minister for energy affairs.
The pro-European Emmanuel Macron’s victory over Marine Le Pen is another setback for far-right populists on the Continent.
The Fed chairwoman warned in a speech at Brown University that obstacles to women’s participation in the work force damage productivity in the United States.
Oracle Arena in Oakland and Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland reflect the character and ethos of two very different cities and teams, and their passionate fans.
The likely ascension of Ramush Haradinaj, who led Kosovo’s fight for independence and was twice acquitted of war crimes, is sure to anger its neighbor Serbia.
Voters, no longer content with the old, predictable divisions of class and regional identity, must be wooed by programs and personalities.
A high turnout of younger voters, many of them against leaving the European Union, voted against Theresa May’s Conservative Party.
Senate leaders are writing legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act without a single hearing on the bill and without an open drafting session.
An attempt on the life of a former prime minister is shrugged off, even celebrated.
This graduation season, The New York Times talked with seniors across the country who are not headed to college about their plans, hopes and dreams.
After the Rangers’ second-round playoff loss to the Senators, Coach Alain Vigneault hinted at changes to his aging defense.
Negotiators for America’s partners in the Group of 7 intensified pressure on the United States not to pull out of the 2015 climate agreement.
Leaders from Honduras and El Salvador implored Vice President Mike Pence to allow their citizens to remain in the United States under a temporary work program.
A decent showing in Thursday’s election, which seems likely, would bolster Jeremy Corbyn and his hard-left policies — delaying the overhaul that many in the party believe it needs.
A competition that has been held each June since 1923 on France’s Circuit de la Sarthe will be held this year on June 17 and 18.
The hybrid model gets two more miles to the gallon than the Toyota Prius, and it looks and drives more like a regular gas-powered car.
The race is shaping up as a referendum on the administration of Chris Christie, as well as an early test of the electoral impact of Donald J. Trump’s presidency.
What is the best way to raise children of any gender so that all children feel equal and nurtured to pursue their dreams?
Here are three books that help explain the United States’ fraught historical relationship with Cuba.
Political humor, “one of our national pastimes,” is a way of pushing back against America’s dominance. Its changes offer a lens into how Canada is changing, too.
President Masire was instrumental in transforming his arid, destitute country into the envy of other African nations.
In “A Fine Mess,” T. R. Reid cites examples from Estonia to New Zealand of how tax redesigns can drive economic success.
Jack Ewing’s “Faster, Higher, Farther” is more than the story of a scandal. It’s a rich history of a company, and a case study in how a corporate culture can turn toxic.
In “Anything Is Possible,” the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of “Olive Kitteridge” writes with a frank, unapologetic emphasis on forbidden desire.
In “Do I Make Myself Clear?,” Harold Evans, editor par excellence, explains why good writing is a moral issue.
“Golden Hill” follows the misadventures of a handsome young stranger who arrives in New York from London, hoping to cash in on a fortune.
In Diksha Basu’s debut novel, set in a wealthy enclave of New Delhi, characters with old and new money feel status anxiety.
In “Between Them,” the author of “The Sportswriter” imagines his mother and father, both as they seemed to him in life and who they were beyond his view.
Rooney began his time with the team as a water boy at age 9 and helped build one of the most successful franchises in N.F.L. history.
Christie’s cuts its London auctions, leaving Sotheby’s to go it alone with an “Imps and Mods” week.
Sentiment among Democrats and Republicans has swung sharply since November, creating a gap that — regardless of objective data — is wider than ever.
The left’s suspicion of the United States has been a feature of Greek politics for 70 years. Until now.
In this week’s newsletter, a Sydney professor returns from confinement in China, Australia struggles with race, and we ask readers: How should we cover food in Oz?
The Crow of Montana are among several Indian nations looking to the president’s pledges to end Obama-era coal rules or approve new oil and gas wells.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
It is more than a health care program. It is a life-giving one. And I am proof.
As early as 1966, Lyndon Johnson was looking for a way out of the war.
President Trump aims to roll back the Obama administration’s attempts to ban oil drilling off the southeastern Atlantic and Alaskan coasts.
Emmanuel Macron has no political party to speak of and has never held elected office, but he is one of the front-runners in Sunday’s election.
French voters were supposed to be rational. Could they still send two radicals to the runoff?
President Trump planned to sign an executive order targeting steel dumping, a measure aimed at China and a potential victory for his hard-line advisers.
Everything you needed — underwear, a house, a tombstone, a dining room set — all in one store or catalog.
Russians thought they would have a pal in the White House, but relations between the two countries are as tense as ever.
Despite a slow month, the overall job market is steady. Wrongheaded policy could change that.
People from nutrition geeks to philosophers are using a metaphor from software to describe the world.
After an investigation into a sales scandal at the bank, two former executives must repay $75 million in compensation.
That is the fundamental question Turkish voters will decide in Sunday’s vote on whether to expand the powers of the presidency.
The economy and party identification typically matter a lot in elections, even in a year with a highly atypical candidate like Donald Trump.
The presidential election on Sunday is one of the most consequential in recent times — not just for France, but for Europe — and one of the most unpredictable, too.
Why are big boasts turning into tiny policy tweaks?
By partitioning the state, millions of people could have a chance at self-government.
It is desperate for reform — and desperate not to be reformed.
Pulling out of the Paris climate accord is hazardous and shortsighted.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
A Muslim city councilor in a stagnant Paris suburb makes the case for modernizing the nation’s Republican values.
Two men survived shootings in the South Bronx, where violent crime is aided by an unending tide of guns. But when they ran into each other last year, the encounter turned deadly.
His cabinet reflects the political realignment he’s brought. Now he must translate that into legislative power.
Thanks to “Brexit,” Borderlanders will have to adapt, yet again, to what distant powers decide for them.
“We need to have the best transit system on the globe,” Gov. Andrew Cuomo said this week, but New York’s system is nowhere near the best and is getting worse.
Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen gave the voters fireworks, highlighting the sharp contrast between their views.
An overture from the incoming Moon administration to start talks with Pyongyang should be made with caution.
Ebrahim Raisi, the darling of the country’s conservative clerics, might one day become the supreme leader. But can he win the presidency?
Tuesday: A renewal plan for San Jose, Carrie Fisher’s toxicology report, and a guide to free museums in Los Angeles.
One bro is driving us into the future, the other into the past. But Travis Kalanick and Donald Trump intersect on the same road to ruin.
The president said he was revoking elements of a “terrible and misguided deal” by reinstating travel restrictions, a symbolic step away from seeking better relations.
Absolute dependence on oil and gas has turned political infighting into a winner-take-all contest.
Tuesday: A bid to ease the housing crisis, an accusation of dirty play by a Warrior, and a giant sandbox for off-roaders in Southern California.
We all may be losing sight of the difference between appearance and reality — between what we advertise and what we do.
It will stand down its nuclear program only when sustained financial pressure threatens to bring revolt or regime collapse.
The young political centrist won a strong victory over the extreme rightist Marine Le Pen, but still faces a challenge in governing a divided country.
The abrupt transition from trauma to triumph has shaped Israel’s political choices for the past 50 years.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
History shows that stupidity and autocracy aren’t mutually exclusive. In fact, they go hand in hand.
Liberal Democrats have pressed lawmakers to support a single-payer health care system, and strident supporters say the party has moved further left on the issue.
Friday: Lawmakers and other Californians responded to the Paris accord withdrawal, a single-payer health plan advances in Sacramento, and a Fresno girl becomes national spelling champion.
Trump’s plan takes numerical dishonesty to a new level as part of an effort to gut Medicaid and other programs while cutting taxes on the rich.
The decision, which disappointed some Israel supporters, was made in hopes of preserving the president’s chances of negotiating a peace settlement.
The end point of hardening American fracture is violence.
Unaffordable properties have become a potent symbol of thwarted economic hopes and dwindling social mobility.
The best change is not hasty, as dreamed by the last century’s idealists, but a gradual, grinding conversation.
Senate Republican leaders released their bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, even as enough senators to block it declared their opposition.
The struggle between nationalists and globalists has replaced class struggle.
All the cabinet members tried, but only one could triumph.
Criticizing euro policies isn’t an endorsement of the FN.
Contemporary art auctions may be on the rise, largely thanks to financial guarantors, as shown by the $110.5 million bid for a Jean-Michel Basquiat painting.
The disappearance of more than $400 million of investors’ money from a branch of the bank China Minsheng illustrates what economists say is a growing risk.
President Trump’s vow to tighten immigration policies have spurred thousands to seek an EB-5 visa before tougher requirements can be put in place.
As cars remain a point of conflict, Detroit pushes to sell pickups in a market long skeptical of them, in an effort to tap a Chinese taste for American brands.
The president’s claims about the trade deficit with China are exaggerated, and his accusations of currency manipulation are outdated.
Never underestimate the power of fact-based reporting.
Global steel makers blame Chinese rivals for swamping the world with unwanted product, but closing mills there can be expensive and difficult.
The latest trademarks could allow the president to expand his business interests in scientific and technological services, building construction and medical and veterinary services.
The president is a serial liar, but he’s right that Beijing plays unfair on trade.
Two years after a Chinese stock market crash, a weakened currency and rising debt sent jitters around the world, some investors are getting nervous again.
Beijing may make the renminbi less responsive to market moves, which could stem a flight of money out of the country but undermine earlier promises.
The trademarks expand the president’s business interests in China, which have already stirred complaints over possible conflicts of interest.
For the Bolshevik leader, the ends justified his means. But if you asked any Russian in 1917, the answer was yes.
As workers in China complain of excessive hours and seek higher pay, the factory owner is sending more jobs to Africa.
A town welcomed an investment in a glass factory employing more than 1,500, but tensions have arisen over safety, foreign control and culture clashes.
China has built hundreds of dazzling new bridges, including the longest and highest, but many have fostered debt and corruption.
Rising online retail sales and a stronger overall economy helped the Chinese e-commerce giant, but expansion beyond its core businesses has been slow.
The president’s trove of trademarks in China and elsewhere have sparked criticism over potential conflicts, and run counter to his nationalistic agenda.
The sanctions on a Chinese bank, a company and two citizens follow the death of Otto Warmbier, a U.S. student who was imprisoned by North Korea.
A bellwether series of big-ticket auctions is expected to test the resilience of the art market in the Trump economy.
No case connected to the state’s recent spate of executions was more locally resonant than the one involving Cecil Boren, whose killer, Kenneth D. Williams, was executed on Thursday night.
The Garage Museum took on the challenge of hosting the Triennial of Russian Contemporary Art, an uneven and ambitious showcase in Moscow.
This tame exhibition fails to capture the realities of a world that has changed drastically in recent months.
Voters will choose between two politicians with radically different views on core issues in the final round of a presidential election that will define the future of France — and of Europe.
Analysts will watch whether Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley keep up with rivals like JPMorgan Chase. A new model of the Samsung Galaxy is selling briskly already.
The Fed is preparing a plan to reduce its $4.5 trillion portfolio of securities, which it accumulated in an effort to boost the economy during the Great Recession.
Consider an alternate history in which the Trump administration absorbed and embraced the lessons of right-wing populists from abroad.
The move would be part of an effort to fulfill a campaign promise to lead $1 trillion in projects to rebuild roads, bridges, railways and waterways.
President Trump’s first budget promises booming economic growth, sharp tax cuts and an end to federal deficits. Experts say it’s too good to be true.
The White House insists that economic growth will offset its proposed tax cuts, but many economists disagree, creating a moment of truth for conservatives.
The economy added 211,000 jobs in April, the Labor Department said, after weak hiring figures for March. The jobless rate declined to 4.4 percent.
The department store chain said it would look at going private as the retail sector continues to struggle.
Republicans have vowed to dismantle legislation enacted in the wake of the financial crisis, but their Choice Act faces a tougher fight in the Senate.
Some G.O.P. lawmakers are rallying around the idea that less taxation is more important than less debt, in a break from their party’s vocal deficit hawks.
The longtime banking and investment management executive at Goldman Sachs says he wants to focus on his family.
During his campaign, Moon Jae-in vowed to tackle not just government corruption but also surging household debt, high youth unemployment and stagnant wages.
He was held as part of extradition proceedings that could lead to him being sent back to India, which he fled over a year ago under an avalanche of unpaid bills and accusations of fraud.
The central bank’s departing governor said she had made necessary moves. A major lender’s troubles and takeover, however, have raised concerns about the country’s ability to manage billions in foreign aid.
A Princeton and N.Y.U. professor, he identified Baumol’s cost disease, which explains why the cost of services rises faster than the cost of goods.
With unexpected speed, European officials approved a plan to use Italian taxpayer money to protect depositors in two faltering banks.
The plan would cut nickel production by half in the country, the world’s top nickel exporter. Mining companies are joined by indigenous tribes in opposing the plan.
Investors’ relentless emphasis on the bottom line is fueling consumer frustration, and even episodes of air rage.
A civil war has broken out among the most powerful players in the industry, which is scrambling in the face of public anger and legislative efforts to reduce costs.
A dispute that goes to the heart of how conservatives and liberals view the role of work, and the problem of poverty more generally.
Efforts to ramp up shipments could be complicated by a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
A self-taught industrial designer, Mr. Fresco promoted an alternative society where resources would be distributed equitably by computers.
The Trump administration appears to have little appetite for another European economic relief project. And calls are growing for Europe to help.
We followed major developments in the markets throughout the day. Check here for the latest updates.
An old and trusted indicator in the bond market is warning about possible trouble ahead in the economy and the stock market.
The withdrawal process could take four years to complete, meaning a final decision would be up to the American voters in the next presidential election.
Although the cuts had bolstered prices, major industry trends already underway could mute their impact.
In his new book, “Scale,” Geoffrey West, a theoretical physicist, manages to deliver a lot of theory and history accessibly and entertainingly.
When Spain’s fifth-largest bank failed this month, Banco Santander swooped in to the rescue, and regulators breathed easy. They should have been scared.
Also known as International Workers’ Day, it is an occasion for political demonstrations in much of the world.
Central bankers’ signaling a move away from low rates, presaging the end of hyperliquidity, has sent many shares sliding.
A Stanford professor’s vision of an economy wholly powered by renewable fuels has drawn a heated rebuttal from scholars who question many of its assumptions.
The sportswear brand is reorganizing its operations to focus on a dozen cities around the world that it expects to drive most of the company’s growth.
A large piece of London’s banking business depends on its inclusion in the European Union.
In the waterlogged Netherlands, climate change is considered neither a hypothetical nor a drag on the economy. Instead, it’s an opportunity.
The metropolis that globalization created may well be the capital of the world. But after the “Brexit” referendum, its future as an international crossroads is far from certain.
Puerto Rico is seeking what is essentially bankruptcy relief. This is what’s happening and how the island got here.
Today’s energy jobs are in solar and, increasingly, wind power, rather than coal. But jobs are unevenly distributed across the country.
The preliminary deal with international creditors would allow Athens to receive emergency funds in exchange for promises of higher taxes and lower social spending.
After eight years of pestering corporations and executives on behalf of consumers, it’s time for retirement.
Less chatting on the couch; fewer idiosyncratic toiletries in the bath. Pursuing growth, the company promotes consistency among its millions of hosts.
The president’s threat to pull the United States out of the North American Free Trade Agreement would hurt the very workers he says he aims to help.
The investment company Blackstone says the Saudi sovereign wealth fund has committed the money to a fund that could spend more than $100 billion on infrastructure.
Supporters of the Obama-era law accused congressional lawmakers of supporting the financial services industry over low-income workers who benefited from the measure.
