How President Trump and Mr. Kim — both volatile, thin-skinned and eager never to show weakness — will interact with each other is the great mystery of the summit meeting.
Every year, through careless management or reckless ambition, a handful of soccer clubs drift uncomfortably close to collapse. In February, Denmark’s Lyngby B.K. came closer than most.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
On five trips to battle-scarred Iraq, journalists for The New York Times scoured old Islamic State offices, gathering thousands of files abandoned by the militants as their ‘caliphate’ crumbled.
The country’s focus on reducing its debt has left small businesses facing a credit crunch, and the economy appears to be slowing.
A doctor who suggested that a popular, alcohol-based tonic was dangerous was held for nearly 100 days. He emerged as a public hero.
Beijing sees its economy as robust enough to defy U.S. tariff threats, potentially leaving Washington with no choice but to escalate or back down.
The trade measures President Trump is imposing will do little to hurt China’s growth, though they could add to Beijing’s problems down the road.
For Gazans, even a tentative experiment with nonviolent protest is a significant step.
After eight years of budget cutting, Britain is looking less like the rest of Europe and more like the United States, with a shrinking welfare state and spreading poverty.
Between the Trump administration’s steel tariffs, the reinstatement of sanctions on Iran, and political chaos, Italy is again struggling economically.
The politicians running in Lebanon’s elections on Sunday have promised to end corruption and fix poor services. Experts say that’s unlikely.
A V.I.P. screening of the Hollywood blockbuster “Black Panther” in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, marked the end of a decades-old ban on movie theaters.
The crash occurred at a time of intense diplomacy in the region, as a summit meeting between the leaders of North and South Korea approaches.
The kingdom had planned to lift its longstanding ban on women driving on June 24. It is unclear why it issued some licenses ahead of the schedule.
Donald Tusk, head of the European Council, warned leaders that there were deep divisions in the trans-Atlantic relationship as a trade war loomed.
After talks in Brussels that lasted all night, leaders agreed in principle, at least, on how to shore up their external borders and create screening centers for migrants.
Yehya Sinwar, leader of the militant group in Gaza, is preparing for what could be the climax of weeks of protests at the fence separating the Gaza Strip from Israel.
President Sergio Mattarella enraged populists, who called for his impeachment, by rejecting a cabinet minister he feared would lead Italy out of the eurozone.
Some 600 million Indians, about half the population, face high to extreme water scarcity conditions, with about 200,000 dying every year from inadequate access to safe water, says a government report.
Lessons for the Pax Americana from the Pax Romana.
What would happen if Trump really goes there?
Read the transcript for Part 2 of “Charm City,” an audio series about a Baltimore teenager known as Nook who was fatally shot by the police a year after the death of Freddie Gray. As job loss and drugs tore through Baltimore in the 1980s and 1990s, a policing idea transplanted from New York City created a generation of young men with criminal records.
Already upset over Chinese claims in the region, demonstrators were protesting economic zones that would allow long leases to foreigners. At least 100 were arrested.
In its second day, a rail strike could threaten the French president’s efforts to end lifelong job security or the rail union’s standing.
Japan’s leader is consumed by scandals just as he meets President Trump to discuss North Korea and contentious trade issues.
As President Trump weighs drawing down forces in the South, longtime Asian allies are unsettled by the prospect of giving up American protection.
President Nixon jotted down a few notes before his historic meeting with Mao Zedong in 1972. What should President Trump remember when he meets the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un?
As the United States and China drift into a trade war, Mr. Kim, a week after meeting President Trump, will have the chance to play one power against the other.
It is without modern precedent for a leader to come to China on back-to-back visits. China is trying to keep up with a flurry of diplomatic moves.
China’s foreign minister, Wang Yi, was just in Pyongyang meeting with Kim Jong-un and trying patch up relations with North Korea after years of frosty ties.
Pyongyang has depended on but also resented Beijing. Now, China appears to fear that the North may seek to counterbalance its influence by embracing America.
Viktor Orban’s campaign for another term as Hungary’s prime minister has been dominated by false news stories, dirty tricks and perceived enemies all around.
The electronics firm ZTE has found success in the American market like few other Chinese technology brands have. Now it is fighting for its life.
Gun deaths are exceptionally rare in Australia, but those that do occur are often suicides. Mass shootings usually involve family members.
The prime minister has undermined Hungarian judicial independence but never destroyed it completely. With his recent election win, that may change.
President Trump’s decision to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal is premised on the idea that the U.S. and its allies force a better deal with Iran through isolation and sanctions.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
She became one of the great mezzo-sopranos of our time through charming trouser and ingénue roles. Now, she is the ruthless matriarch of “Regina.”
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The U.S. has neglected Latin America for years, and China has rushed into the vacuum with billions in loans and investment.
The United States is Europe’s biggest trading partner, but China is closing in fast. If a trade war breaks out, neutrality may not be an option.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The latest China trade talks defused a potential trade war, and promise a boost for American agriculture and energy, but at the cost of industries of the future.
Wealthy people are often the first to ship their money to safer havens abroad. That can be a leading indicator of when a country is in trouble.
In a new book, Barack Obama’s longtime adviser Benjamin J. Rhodes recounts the former president’s reaction to the election of Donald J. Trump.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Mr. Musk is the business world’s gleeful invader, but Mr. Buffett’s mantra of investing in businesses with “moats” remains secure.
The two wireless carriers argue that a merger would benefit customers, but analysts, and our columnist, are skeptical about the deal’s chances
What recourse do residents have if their neighbors decide to rent out their homes through sites like Airbnb and VRBO?
The gap between places doing well and those that aren’t is widening, and that’s a challenge for people trying to shape national policy.
After the inter-Korean summit meeting, the crucial question remains: Is Kim Jong-un willing to abandon his atomic weapons?
A few months ago, South Koreans worried that President Trump was bringing war to the Korean Peninsula. Now many hail him as a peacemaker.
For President Moon Jae-in, North Korea’s threat to derail talks has made clear the difficulties of playing matchmaker between Kim Jong-un and President Trump.
The announcement by Kim Jong-un came less than a week before he meets with the president of South Korea.
North Korea’s leader will no longer demand that American troops leave South Korea, the South’s president said, but American officials dismissed the idea that it was a capitulation.
The agency has drafted regulations on planet-warming emissions from vehicles that would dramatically weaken Obama-era standards. 
Evangelical leaders who fought off plans for state lotteries and other gambling initiatives on moral grounds are finding fewer allies and less fervor in the pews.
The report stands in stark contrast with the time frame the United States initially demanded, on what could be a key sticking point in any nuclear summit meeting.
“It’s like a really bad marriage,” Chris Whipple, author of a history of White House chiefs of staff, said of the relationship between President Trump and his chief of staff.
The measures, targeting $50 billion worth of soybeans, cars and other goods, were the latest move in the countries’ escalating trade confrontation.
Some think the technology that was introduced with Bitcoin has enormous potential. That has a number of countries looking to influence its future.
The internal analysis, from the Council of Economic Advisers, echoes warnings from Wall Street and academic economists over the president’s trade agenda.
When it’s easier to comparison shop online, businesses are less likely to raise prices — but you wouldn’t know that by looking at official inflation data.
While saying President Trump is right about China’s offenses, trade experts feel his response is unlikely to work. They favor a multilateral approach.
The government’s action would allow oil and gas exploration to continue in areas where permits have already been issued.
The government of Saudi Arabia, trying to diversify its economy and open up its society, called in the SCL Group, a secretive consulting firm, to help plot the kingdom’s reform plans.
The president’s remarks came with gasoline prices at their highest point in three years after an effort by the oil cartel and Russia to restrain output.
Saudi Arabia and Russia may offset any reduction in Iranian exports, but if prices rise, one of the beneficiaries could be Iran itself.
The three-year deal is an expansion of the Saudi national oil company’s efforts to produce more natural gas to support its growing chemical industry.
The move seeks to stabilize the country’s currency, the peso, after a strong depreciation in recent days raised questions about the prospects for President Mauricio Macri’s ambitious agenda.
Investors appear to be struggling to anticipate the outcome of a tit-for-tat tariff exchange between the world’s two largest economies. Remarks by the Fed chairman indicated that the investors aren’t alone.
The first quarter saw a 21 percent jump in investments in real estate, equipment and factories, in addition to setting a high-water mark for stock repurchases.
The stock market continued to plunge Monday, as investors were unnerved by the unpredictable White House. Stocks are now down 4 percent this year.
The bond market’s yield curve is perilously close to predicting a recession — something it has done with surprising accuracy — and it’s become a big topic on Wall Street.
Tech shares were especially hard hit on concerns that the Trump administration would restrict Chinese investment in American technology firms.
Even as the U.S. and China imposed tariffs on each other, the stock market yawned — the latest example of investors dismissing political turmoil.
Investors are worried that worsening relations between the world’s two biggest economies will affect global growth.
The party and allied groups are spending more than $4 million on a handful of chaotic congressional races that are critical to Democrats’ strategy to win the House in November.
With the president’s approval rating at 90 percent among Republicans, many supporters say they defend Mr. Trump even with some misgivings because they feel criticism of him is constantly overblown.
During a lunch on Tuesday, President Trump avoided controversial topics and instead talked about his own accomplishments and his optimism for the Republican Party in the fall midterm elections.
As the kingdom prepares for its next evolution, Saudi Aramco is central. But a planned public listing leaves the company, and the country, at risk.
They moved quickly to strike deals after sanctions ended. But dreams of a thriving Iranian market were in doubt even before the U.S. decided to exit the nuclear accord.
The prospect of an American withdrawal from the Iran nuclear accord led to concerns about new sanctions that could further curtail global supplies.
With unemployment low and wages creeping up, companies have an incentive to become more efficient — an exercise that tends to drive economic progress.
In his inaugural speech, the new Fed chairman tried to focus on the strength of the economy even as a spiraling tariff battle with China spooked investors.
The walkouts are the latest surge of a protest movement that has already swept through West Virginia, Oklahoma and Kentucky.
Thousands of Puerto Ricans protested in a general strike on Tuesday as the island struggles to recover from Hurricane Maria.
On Thursday, buyers were looking for works fresh to the market from long-term collections, rather than resales.
Amazon has surprised officials in cities vying for the company’s new headquarters by asking how to avoid soaring housing costs and paralyzing traffic.
How a small but influential group of black gallerists is correcting history.
Firelei Báez’s latest body of work is motivated by the Schomburg Center’s archives of such famous figures as Zora Neale Hurston and Maya Angelou.
As Venezuela falls further into crisis, a generation of young people remains committed to pursuing their passions in Caracas.
Given the headlines, it would easy to think the retail industry is dying, but it has a long history of successful reinvention.
And other questions about the Trump administration’s tariffs on China and beyond 
Both Google and Microsoft will hold developers’ conferences, and the Bank of England may hold off on a rate increase as its economy slows.
Accelerating growth has given the administration more leverage over trading partners. But economists warn of potential headwinds beyond this year.
The company said it would cooperate with “relevant authorities” over practices that cast a shadow over the country’s vaunted manufacturing abilities.
The White House is eyeing tariffs on luxury imports such as perfume, handbags and wine. It might be drawing the wrong lesson from past trade fights.
Mr. Pearlstine, a veteran of Time Inc., Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal, was appointed by Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, who took ownership of the paper on Monday.
In addition, Starbucks will close its stores for an afternoon of anti-bias training, and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will head to China for trade talks.
Marijuana sales are now legal in 30 states. But the federal government has not made it easy for the owners of those businesses to pay their taxes.
Rich and technologically advanced, the United States continues to accept a degree of dysfunction that would be intolerable in any other rich society.
The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates, and the European Central Bank will discuss tapering its stimulus. The U.S. will release its list of tariffs on Chinese goods.
Tesla is most likely to face tough questions at its annual shareholder meeting, and new data is expected on people who work in the gig economy.
Investors are looking for evidence that the White House economic adviser or Federal Reserve chairman can act as an insurance policy against a trade war.
What used to be an adolescent rite of passage is now an opportunity for foreign workers — and a challenge for employers who can’t find enough help.
It depends on whether you look at the level, the direction or the rate of change — three concepts that are often conflated.
A look at industrial centers of the North and the East over decades of decline finds that investments, geography and sheer serendipity make a difference.
Behind-the-scenes talks could preserve some rules targeted by the Environmental Protection Agency for elimination.
The Fed will release results of a second round of stress tests on major banks, and Commerce Department numbers will show whether tariffs are having an impact on the cost of consumer goods.
A stronger economy makes it more likely that graduates will be able to find jobs and meet their loan payments, but there are reasons to be cautious.
The conviction and sentencing of the former C.E.O. of Anglo Irish Bank adds one more member to an exclusive but disgraced list.
The court said the company, Pimlico Plumbers, exerted enough control in the case for a plumber to be considered a worker, granting him expanded rights.
The government’s plan to make Belgrade a playground for the rich involves foreign money and evicting residents with what critics call strong-arm tactics.
A little-publicized amendment in the new tax law shows the growing political clout of American spirits producers, particularly the smaller ones.
Switching from a white-collar position to learning a trade is a path that is getting more traction these days.
Bonds lost value along with stocks in the first quarter. But holding them still makes sense for many people.
Legislation introduced last month to better hold financial executives accountable for misconduct probably won’t result in a wave of prosecutions.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is in a tough spot as he tries to salvage Canada’s most important trading relationship.
The low unemployment rate doesn’t tell the whole story about the state of the labor market.
Also, a public comment period on proposed tariffs on Chinese imports ends, and Disney tries to kick a Memorial Day slump with a new “Star Wars” movie.
In response to new sales tax rules, the company will redirect users in Australia from amazon.com to amazon.com.au. Some fear they will see less choice and higher prices.
In her new book, Professor Priya Satia aims to overturn the conventional wisdom about the role of guns in the world’s economic development.
As big airlines face a wave of retirements, a fresh batch of fliers gets a chance, and the training, to seize the opportunity. 
The chief executive of 23andMe on paternity testing, A-Rod and Facebook.
The president’s rhetoric suggests he’s moving America toward a trade war with China. But what will he actually do?
The mythical nation featured in “Black Panther” was long a mystery, but readers knew what they’d want to see on a vacation there. Artists have their own visions.
Many critics of Australia’s live animal trade said the deaths of more than 2,400 animals were not likely to result in regulation of the industry.
He has been president for more than a year — so why is he still holding rallies?
The new Congressional Budget Office analysis, which includes the cost of the Republican tax cuts, projects the national debt to reach a level economists say could court a crisis.
The International shipping industry is a major emitter of greenhouse gases but has been slow to address the problem.
The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, still projects power, but back home in Wisconsin, he is facing political challengers from both the right and the left.
Spurred by lobbyists, the E.P.A. administrator moves to relax or kill a mileage mandate and undo a crucial tool for combating global warming.
A proposal to allow recruits to the country’s armed forces to avoid staying in barracks during basic training drew scorn from veterans and military experts.
The budget numbers of the past four decades reveal a clear pattern. But many journalists and experts are afraid to acknowledge it.
The country will get to brag about a globally recognized landmark by a top architect.
The danger illustrates the unforeseen consequences of impetuous American actions.
The Gipper advocated “trust but verify.” The Donald believes in “my touch, my feel.”
Armenia’s discredited ruling elite has stopped the leader of a popular opposition movement from coming to power.
In “Sharp: The Women Who Made an Art of Having an Opinion,” Michelle Dean considers 10 writers whose formidable talents earned them respect and enmity.
Following in the footsteps of John Muir — and millions of modern cruise ship passengers — one marine ferry at a time.
With other countries raising tariffs to American products and signing trade deals without the United States, the American cheesemaker is increasingly standing alone.
The outdoor retailer has supported grass-roots environmental activists for decades. Now it is suing the president in a bid to protect Bears Ears National Monument.
Mark Zuckerberg told Congress that the social network would empower its users to control their own data. There’s just one problem: human behavior.
State and local incentives to land new offices and factories rarely pay off. But they are one of the few tools for redeveloping old industrial cities.
After a quarter-century of steady growth on education spending, a shock to the system. 
With unemployment below 4 percent for the first time since 2000, the recovery’s duration is remarkable, but lagging pay remains a riddle.
With 164,000 jobs added in April, it was the 91st consecutive month of gains, far and away the longest streak of increases on record.
Corporate earnings have been rising at a torrid rate. While share prices haven’t followed, stock values are improving, our columnist says.
Getting the most out of these programs can be tricky. Here’s a basic rundown of some of the more popular ones and what you can expect from them.
Lead pollution embedded in a Greenland glacier recorded peak periods of wealth as well as crises, like the Cyprian plague.
In Alaska, car thefts are rising, and people are chasing crooks on their own. “Anybody can do this,” says Floyd Hall, who has become something of a legend in Anchorage.
The E.P.A. administrator’s appalling environmental policies aside, his unethical and bullying behavior has sullied his agency and demoralized its employees.
On energy, Trump and company are trying to stop technological progress.
In many countries, unemployment is down, wages are up and inflation is almost zero. But leaders face unusually low approval ratings.
The two Republican presidents are a study in contrasts, each with a profound effect on our country.
In a sign of high expectations for “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” the producers and theater owners spent lavishly, even paying Cirque du Soleil to clear out of the space.
We unearthed thousands of internal documents that help explain how the Islamic State stayed in power so long.
As rural areas shrink, they are turning to politicians who promise to restore the stature of “common people.”
A fence that divides Israel and Gaza has become the latest flashpoint in the decades-old conflict, with Israeli soldiers unleashing lethal force against mostly unarmed Arab protesters.
The estimated toll climbs above 4,600, and “most of these deaths were preventable.”
The economy is in a sweet spot, with steady growth and broad improvement in the labor market. 
After the ruling, expect even more mergers.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Political vengeance is no substitute for smart antitrust enforcement.
After the government agreed to subsidize fuel costs to end a truckers’ strike, the head of Petrobras quit, signaling disagreement with the decision.
Employers have learned that they can’t cut wages, so maybe that’s why they won’t give raises now
The Kremlin would be delighted by barriers to all things Western.
Monday: A 95-unit affordable housing complex receives 6,580 applicants, Devin Nunes escalates his demands, and a set of first-generation twins graduate from U.C. Berkeley.
Inspired by Silicon Valley’s hyper-growth, companies elsewhere are burning cash in hopes of being the next big thing.
Sunday’s vote giving Nicolás Maduro another term was flawed by low turnout and rampant corruption. Venezuela’s Latin neighbors must unite to isolate and force him from office.
Across America, a Times reporter found, people aren’t just willing to talk about their struggles — they seem to need to share their experiences.
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan must do more to rein in the president’s abuse of power on tariffs.
A strong economy gives us an opportunity to repair the social fabric.
The regulatory rollback by Republicans moved forward as lawmakers also inched closer to a bipartisan agreement to alter portions of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act.
Iran didn’t honor its end of the bargain and neither need the United States now.
Here’s how the E.U. can stand up to the American president and save the Iran deal.
Wednesday: Candidates talk taxes, Trump and sex; George Deukmejian dies; and readers weigh in on what it’s like to live in the world’s fifth-largest economy.
More than it will hurt the government, Trump’s decision to abandon the nuclear deal will damage political activism and peaceful movements for change.
We should encourage all Venezuelans — including soldiers — to restore their country’s democracy.
Stuart Eizenstat thinks so, and he lays out his argument in this admiring but frank appraisal, “President Carter: The White House Years.”
The Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, has managed to stay in President Trump’s good graces while advocating a more free-trade approach, but that balancing act is showing signs of strain.
Some readers and experts have responded to a recent article by pointing out that the 1980s increase in U.S. health costs coincided with a broad push toward deregulation. 
The cruel practice of separating families at the border started under President Trump. But his fellow Republicans paved the way.
Diego Ibarra Sánchez hopes his project, “Limbo: Lives in Exile,” will convey the unceasing urgency of the Syrian refugee crisis.
The art collective Alterazioni Video has spent over a decade documenting, and championing, Italy’s many unfinished construction projects.
Affluent parents who wield connections and resources to get their way can wreak havoc on schools.
Why whales got so big, and what that tells us about evolution.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
