Ossining, N.Y., hopes to preserve the legacy of Sing Sing, in hopes of attracting hundreds of thousands of visitors to the infamous prison.
The 50-state model is holding the country back. It needs a new system, built around urban corridors.
At a joint appearance by Janet Yellen, the Fed chairwoman, and her three living predecessors, the conversation quickly turned to their economic outlook.
President Buhari needs to give up the quixotic currency peg and let the naira’s value fall.
The $305 million is to pay for construction of two deep shafts that will connect with the supply tunnel.
He was criticized for seemingly unclear answers in an interview, but taken as a whole, they mostly track with a plan he has put before Congress.
A 1996 law creating work rules and time limits for aid recipients was initially hailed as a success, but poverty rates remain high, a daunting problem for the next president.
The founder of the global crafters’ marketplace creates his own handmade world.
There is broad agreement that President Dilma Rousseff’s administration employed budgetary tricks, but legal experts are divided on whether that amounts to an impeachable offense.
Mr. Aylwin, the first civilian elected after the Pinochet dictatorship, created a truth commission to investigate human rights abuses.
After a rough week, Donald J. Trump tried to refocus his campaign on Wednesday with a speech attacking his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. But he took liberties with the truth.
The coalition government’s collapse will worsen the nation’s deep economic troubles.
In his speech, Mr. Trump delivered blistering attacks on his rival interspersed with his own policy proposals.
The titles the musician and artist would most want with her on a desert island.
In New York and other cities with steep housing costs, a longstanding objection to home-sharing sites is that some listings remove units from the residential market.
She embraced the economic discontent that has fueled the rise of her opponents, while presenting herself as the person most qualified to address it.
Referendums can distill complex issues into a simplistic choice. But sometimes the people just need to be heard.
Mr. Rajan, who as governor of the Reserve Bank of India has been popular with investors but faced opposition from India’s ruling party, said he would leave when his term ends in the fall.
Markets tend to be very efficient, except when they’re not. And those are the times that can be brutal for investors.
As the president faces a possible impeachment, working-class people who brought her party to power say they feel abandoned and want a change.
A bishop who invited Mr. Sanders to a conference said his focus on climate change and his attention to poor people were “very analogous to that of the pope.”
China said its economy grew 6.7 percent, the slowest quarterly rate since the financial crisis in 2009 but also exactly what economists had forecast.
The administration is considering expanding its involvement in Iraq and Syria, and may announce its new plans in the next several days.
The Japanese automaker said its methods did not exaggerate results. Also Wednesday, the chief of Mitsubishi said he would resign after a fuel-test scandal there.
As Saudi Arabia considers selling shares in its state oil company, the real eye-opening development will be where it lists the shares.
The agency said it had possible suspects in the death of Maurice Spagnoletti, a top executive of Doral Financial, in June 2011.
Investors are willing to pay interest to own the debt in reaction to worries that Britain will leave the European Union as well as to concerns over the global economy.
With two Democratic primaries on Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton was hoping for a victory in Kentucky, but Bernie Sanders was expected to win easily in Oregon.
Mr. Fuller joined the paper at 16 and went on to win a Pulitzer Prize and to preside over Tribune Company’s $8 billion acquisition of Times Mirror.
The legislation, now headed to the House and opposed by the White House, is another sign of escalating tensions between the Mideast nation and the U.S.
President Obama condemned many of Donald J. Trump’s ideas and urged the use of logic in politics in a commencement address on Sunday.
European opposition to a sweeping trade deal involving the United States has focused on the confidentiality surrounding the talks.
The country’s president threatened to seize idle factories amid economic chaos, and American officials warned that even his allies were turning against him.
The step followed months of political paralysis and discord over who should form a government after inconclusive voting in December.
The soaring hopes fed by a subsidized, state-directed, commodity-fueled economy have lately come crashing back to earth.
The country’s new governing party has long wielded great power in this oil-rich state — a place afflicted by crime, graft, pollution and economic woes.
Victims of a Ponzi scheme have sued MetLife, claiming it failed to oversee brokers selling products connected to the insurance giant.
The decision stirred a strong response, with some speaking of “dark times for Brazil” and others saying “her removal means hope for the people.”
Steven Mnuchin, a hedge fund veteran himself, starts calling on big-money donors at a hedge fund conference gilded with Trump supporters.
The lawmakers voted on Thursday to suspend Ms. Rousseff, whose sagging fortunes embody widespread anger at corruption and a battered economy.
As the Group of Seven leaders gather in Japan, the role of free trade in the dislocations and anxieties of the developed world is a subject of dispute.
Despite plenty of reasons to reflect anxiety, they’ve remained fairly calm.
Seen as practical and elegant, wood is being reimagined for the needs of modern urban environments, and at ever-increasing heights.
The prime minister, in an address to lawmakers in Washington, talked about the benefits of growing economic and military ties.
Share sales in New York and Tokyo could value Line at more than $5 billion, the biggest market debut for a technology company so far this year.
The collapse of the European Union is implausible but not impossible. It is time to awaken to the dangers.
Where are the songs about his disdain for the lower classes?
The airline had increased security in response to political turmoil, Islamist terrorism and “We will bring this plane down” once being written on the plane that crashed Thursday.
The Fed chief said evidence of a rebound was mounting, but did not suggest that a June rate increase was a foregone conclusion.
Verizon retreated on some major points and gained tools for paring down its work force in the tentative pact reached with unions representing nearly 40,000 striking workers.
Mexico City’s real estate market is performing strongly this year, agents say, with many new developments and higher prices across the board.
Speaking in North Dakota, at the heart of America’s oil and gas boom, Mr. Trump vowed to restore coal mining jobs and “cancel” the Paris climate change accord.
The executive order, which will apply to agencies in the New York governor’s administration, is meant to show support for Israel amid a Palestinian-backed economic campaign.
The Pew survey of respondents in 10 European countries shows increasing unhappiness with the bloc during a period of low growth and a crisis in migration.
In a yo-yo privatization pattern, cash-hungry Russia is offering stakes in an oil company it privatized in the 2000s and recently repossessed.
A slightly longer-run perspective offsets some short-run gloom, but the numbers suggest the economy is slowing.
The epicenter was on the northwest coast, but areas popular with tourists, like Quito, were spared. Travel firms say the country will remain a draw.
It seems hard to think of a time in recent United States history when policy makers have had so little room to maneuver to help the economy.
What the haters and the hagiographers get wrong.
Entities linked to North Korea run an expanding empire of restaurants abroad, pumping badly needed profits back to the North.
Alan Page retired as an N.F.L. star and later as a justice with the Minnesota Supreme Court, but he still has work to do.
Germany prospered in recent years by exporting to emerging countries. Now the slowdown in emerging markets is leaving Germany, and Europe, vulnerable.
A weak British economy has dampened sales in Wales, though some market watchers expect moderate price increases, primarily because of short supply.
The walkout came before a meeting of eurozone finance ministers that Athens hopes will help unlock new bailout loans.
Ms. Topol, who recently directed “Ironbound” at Rattlestick, will take over the theater company.
King Salman issued a new wave of royal decrees, replacing a number of top ministers and restructuring government bodies.
Also, activist shareholders at Exxon Mobil and Chevron are expected to make climate change an issue at annual meetings, while workers plan to protest at the McDonald’s shareholder meeting.
The songwriter Conor Oberst will perform on June 10 at College Street Music Hall in New Haven, Conn., and the Felice Brothers will open the show.
As Hillary Clinton tries to unite her party against Donald Trump, she is looking at what can be salvaged or discarded from her husband’s legacy.
Two events this week highlight little-known progressive successes.
Most laborers used to get paid extra for working extra. What happened?
Carl Barney made millions running for-profit colleges, but he says it’s Rand’s unapologetic vision of unfettered capitalism that has put him on top.
On-demand beauty apps let you order up a massage, manicure or other treatment while you lounge at a vacation rental.
Fusion will anchor Univision’s new Fusion Media Group, to be distributed on a mix of digital and traditional media.
Cuba reversed a decades-long policy on Friday that prevented Cuban-born people from traveling to or from the island by ship.
The news agency reported that Giulio Regeni, an Italian graduate student, was in police custody before his death, a claim that law enforcement officials have denied.
Mr. Trump is trying to reassure party officials that he knows there are norms even he has to follow, and that he can sustain a costly general election campaign.
As president of the small Central African nation, Mr. Bagaza invested in infrastructure but did little to make his country a stable democracy.
In the latest example of a market’s slowdown, the developer Joseph Chetrit is selling the tower to companies that will turn it into an office building.
A guide to movies playing at theaters in the New York City area, as well as select festivals and film series.
The reduction has not been revealed, but analysts say it is substantial. Low output for an extended period could have a significant economic impact.
He made an offhand comment that, if taken literally, would amount to threatening to undermine the United States’ creditworthiness.
Even with a recovering economy, high unemployment (20 percent) is part of life, and youth unemployment is at 45.5 percent.
The Republican Party’s crisis over Donald J. Trump reflects years of fraying ties between party elites and voters.
The candidates are portraying an America under threat from its challenges, which plays down progress made on many economic and social issues.
The company has said it used improper methods to test fuel economy for 25 years, and on Wednesday it said every model it sold in Japan was affected.
Many blame the one-party system for their discontents but appreciate that the system underwrites their comfortable lives.
Ant Financial, one of the world’s largest electronic-payments companies, received investments from a number of companies backed by the Chinese government.
A nonprofit, Tech:NYC, aims to make New York more appealing to start-ups, big tech companies and venture firms.
As migrant arrivals drop, the tranquil Greek island renews hope for a rise in tourists.
A report could add a note of fiscal reality to a presidential campaign that has given scant attention to the fiscal challenges of an aging population.
While first results from the Federal Reserve suggest banks are prepared for a severe downturn, they may have to hold on to more of their own capital.
It is still unclear how many people died in the April 2015 shipwreck, which helped galvanize efforts to rescue people fleeing across the Mediterranean to Europe.
Mr. Osborne, who is in charge of economic policy, appealed for calm before financial markets opened in London.
Officials say no country shares the United States’ worldview quite the way Britain does in terms of security, intelligence and trade.
Many American workers are hobbled by the contracts, but some states want to untangle them from the agreements to compete with states that limit the clauses.
New Jersey’s governor is trying to strip poor communities of desperately needed school aid in order to fund property tax cuts for suburbanites.
Some economists warn that the policies largely favored by the banks could further alienate the public and increase the frustration that encouraged Britons to vote for leaving the European Union.
George Soros, Leon Cooperman and other top investors confidently predicted that Britain would remain in the E.U. Now they’re proceeding with caution.
On Monday, five former Barclays employees are expected in court in London. Also this week: A report from the Commerce Department along with new details from the Fed.
The judge who ruled on MetLife’s designation as “too big to fail” is a legal rock star. But financial oversight isn’t her area of expertise.
Better times may be ahead as China innovates, technological skills become more egalitarian and social norms evolve.
Is the economy the driving force? Nationalism? Arthur C. Brooks and Gail Collins argue over the meaning of the rise of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.
The request by the opposition leader, Mehdi Karroubi, who is under house arrest, highlighted a deepening rift in Iran’s reformist wing.
The candidates’ reactions to the failure of five large banks to pass a key test under the Dodd-Frank law characterized their sharp differences.
Officials cast the announcement as a statement of resolve by the world’s two largest greenhouse gas polluters, even though there are doubts about whether the United States can meet its obligations.
Fine, it was just a long-lost movie prop. But the discovery by an underwater drone highlighted the enduring appeal of searching for Nessie.
Criterion’s “The Kennedy Films of Robert Drew & Associates” presents early-’60s documentaries, while “Panic in Year Zero!” reflects period fears.
As the post-Castro era looms, Cuban leaders are debating reforms behind closed doors.
Some private equity firms that came in as the cleanup crew for the housing crisis are now repeating errors that banks committed, while others are bypassing the working poor.
The report from the Institute for Fiscal Studies, a frequent critic of government economic plans, was a boon for Prime Minister David Cameron.
Nigeria’s president claims the jihadist group has been beaten. In reality, it’s just evolved.
Chronic weakness in Europe and what it means.
Employees are regaining some bargaining power lost in the recession, but not the power lost over the last three decades.
Unless business and government do something to improve the economy’s capability, the United States will be stuck with anemic rates of growth.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
On the 50th anniversary of the Cultural Revolution, Didi Kirsten Tatlow knows she’s not the only person in China who’s dreaming about the Chairman.
State budgets that rely on multimillionaire taxpayers are vulnerable to sudden shortfalls.
The ride-hailing companies halted service after voters approved retaining a measure that the City Council said was the best way to weed out drivers with criminal records.
A BBC reporting crew was detained and expelled for what North Korea deemed a disrespectful portrayal of the country and its leader.
Not everyone is eager to see the city “disrupted,” even if it means more convenient ride sharing.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
A district of Brussels had in effect seceded from Belgium. Europe must fight an ideological battle against Wahhabi Islam.
The government of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi returned two islands in the Red Sea to King Salman of Saudi Arabia in recognition of his support.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
California and New York are headed to a higher minimum wage, but they are taking different paths to get there.
In 2011, Mr. Trump and his co-defendants settled a suit involving one of his buildings amid a storm that threatened to cast a harsh light on how he did business.
Give poor families an allowance for every child.
Robert Carlock and Tina Fey’s Netflix series begins Season 2 with its tireless, formless, free-flowing pursuit of laughs intact.
China has been taking its case to the international news media ahead of a court decision in a suit filed by the Philippines that challenges Beijing’s claims.
Bistros catering to locals may be full, but not luxury restaurants for tourists.
As a May 1 deadline nears, terms of a bill to rescue the island are unresolved, risking greater injury to its ailing economy.
As the candidates for president grapple with a vanishing manufacturing base, their solutions ignore the reality of an irrevocable change in the global economy.
The eurozone, the 19 countries that use the euro, has finally edged back above its precrisis level, but doubts persist about its prospects.
The historian says a focus on elite politics and intellectuals ignores the actual experience of the mass of ordinary Chinese during that tumultuous decade.
A plan that might reduce the country’s oil dependency.
Democrats and Republicans disagree, and Trump supporters aren’t sure, but the year 2000 stands out more than any other.
Some understanding of economic reality would be an asset to a presidential candidate, but only one of the three main contenders appears to possess it.
A historian argues that 19th-century citizens wanted to help Indians and slaves by deporting them.
Robert F. Worth reports on developments in the Middle East following the Arab Spring.
Houses from British Columbia have been taken by barge and restored in the San Juan Islands to help give struggling families an affordable way to stay.
The vote sends the case to the Senate, which will decide whether to hold a trial on charges that the president illegally used money from state-owned banks.
New home prices in the country’s biggest cities are surging, led by the southern boomtown of Shenzhen.
The disciplinary system in the union contract must be changed to improve accountability.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
For most Americans, the weather has been improving. So why worry?
Climate change can be countered and the environment saved, but not if the hair spray-obsessed, science-denying Donald Trump is elected.
The slowdown could delay a decision by the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates. The unemployment rate dipped after workers dropped out of the labor force.
A North Korean official, Ri Su-yong, said during talks with the Chinese in Beijing that his country would continue trying to expand its nuclear arsenal while striving to rebuild its economy.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Washington did not complain when Beijing’s spending helped global growth, a Chinese official said, adding that the impact of closing factories was hard to estimate.
The magazine’s Ethicist columnist on how the state’s “bathroom bill” applies to a family reunion and whether loyalty to a nanny is worth paying overtime.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Ninety percent of those killed were Hispanic or of Hispanic descent, including 23 Puerto Ricans, and Florida’s large islander population felt a communal grief.
As the writer learned in her stint as an Airbnb host, the hospitality business is one long, grinning, love-me-please tap dance, more easily disparaged than done.
Nguyen Quang A, an activist blocked from meeting with President Obama, says the Communist Party sometimes needs coaxing, and sometimes confrontation.
There’s nothing glorious about isolation. True patriotism shows in voting for a positive role within the European Union.
Investing in former prison inmates is not only morally right, it’s economically smart.
Women are often left out of economics, a new book argues.
Proponents of Britain’s exit from the European Union are trying to convince the country that any freedom it gains would not be offset by the risks to prosperity.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Going door to door, a Los Angeles-based activist group tries to reduce prejudice against transgender people. A new study finds that it works.
The regulatory reform law needs defending and strengthening, not weakening.
The flamboyant mayor may have embarrassed some with his antics, but he was proof of how a city can thrive.
“This is close to a Goldilocks scenario,” one analyst said, pointing out that hiring and wage gains were strong, but not too strong, as the economy continues to heal.
Career specialists and economists are upbeat about prospects for this year’s graduates. But not all job seekers have reason to be optimistic.
The lone star state has a P.R. problem these days. But it’s still my home.
Emerging-market stocks could again become one of the best-performing asset classes, but another “supercycle” may be years away.
As Britain prepares to vote on June 23 on European Union membership, both sides of the debate warn of dangerous outcomes. We debunk, or back up, their claims.
Banks are refusing to do business with money transmitters, closing or freezing accounts over concerns about money laundering and regulatory scrutiny.
A hero to some and a villain to others, Francesca Immacolata Chaouqui stands accused with two others of leaking confidential documents to two journalists.
Even if Sanders were to concede after Tuesday, he could boast of having moved the Democratic Party to the populist left.
Discontent bred of globalization and economic devastation has precedent in history. Such dynamics preceded both world wars.
Why low-watt anxiety, not total catastrophe, could open the way to the White House.
Bob Graham, a former senator leading the effort to declassify 28 pages, said he was wary of another layer of complexity in the process.
Sixteen hundred years before the European Union, Brexit meant leaving the Roman Empire.
Hillary Clinton spoke about the economic policies and political acumen of Donald J. Trump in a speech in Ohio on Tuesday.
Donald Trump is right, for once: Companies need to chip in to help workers with their kids.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
A shrunken economy and political isolation, possible outcomes if Britain withdraws from the E.U., could weaken London’s influence on Hong Kong affairs.
The decision that the British just made was an act of courage — the courage of a people who embrace their freedom.
Markets have already taken a hit, but if Britain leaves the European Union, don’t expect a recovery any time soon.
Ledecky, who has her sights set on winning the 200, 400 and 800 freestyles at the Rio Games, has a supporter in Debbie Meyer, an American who swept the races at the 1968 Olympics.
Beijing said it had cut off contact because Taiwan’s new president failed to endorse the idea that Taiwan and the mainland are part of one China.
After choosing to leave the European Union, Britain confronts the need to define a new role on the world stage even as it heals deep wounds at home.
Will negative campaigning work as effectively for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as it has for past candidates?
Britain’s vote to leave the European Union brings into focus the power of disaffected voters to force change on a reluctant establishment.
The United Kingdom is what the European Union aspired to be but never became: a multinational state. The vote to leave the union may push Scotland and Northern Ireland to undo that arrangement.
The partnership between Djokovic and Becker, his coach, has been beneficial to both men, with one atop the rankings and the other back in the swing again.
The British pound and stock prices plummeted, there was immediate pressure for another referendum on Scottish independence, and David Cameron said he would resign by October.
A struggling economy, government corruption and the Zika virus have generated unwanted publicity before the Games.
Those forces have self-reinforcing, vicious-cycle dimensions that make it a perilous time for the world’s economies.
By deciding to leave the European Union, Britain has created global economic uncertainty.
Sixteen months after ground was broken, a plan by a Chinese billionaire that would link the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and greatly alter a country is shrouded in mystery and controversy.
Kaliningrad, a part of Russia on the Baltic Sea, has become heavily armed amid tensions with the West.
Two new books on saving and investing discuss making career moves that raise the value of your labor, which in turn can help you save more.
Donald Trump polls better online than he does by phone. Does that tell us something about November?
In their desire to leave the E.U., many Britons have found an outlet for fears about immigration and terrorism. But the cost of an exit would be high.
The seeds that were sowed as Western powers like Britain faded after the world wars have contributed to the persistent problems of the present.
Hillary should stop talking about leaning on Bill.
