Australians will go to the polls next month to elect a new government. Here’s are some of the key issues that the country’s leaders must confront to win voters over.
Across the world, economists have had to downgrade growth forecasts. It’s not as bad as it sounds.
The problem with holding out for a perfect Brexit plan is that you can’t fix stupid.
The leaders of Britain’s Conservative and Labour Parties face challenges in reaching an agreement, each because of political pushback to compromise from within their parties.
It’s been a busy week in American politics. Here are some of the stories you might have missed.
Here’s what you need to know.
Many see Tuesday’s election as a referendum on Benjamin Netanyahu, who has been prime minister for the last decade and is facing likely indictment for fraud.
The trade war is nearing a possible truce, but global companies are nevertheless moving to reduce their dependence on Chinese factories to make the world’s goods.
Households stung by the limit on state and local income tax deductions are chasing tax-free municipal bonds. But it’s wise to proceed carefully.
Bill Morneau, Canada’s finance minister, pressed President Trump’s top economic advisers this week to lift the tariffs on steel and aluminum.
Mutual funds are investing in companies that can help mitigate greenhouse gas emissions and aid in adaptation to climate change.
New figures suggest the Chinese slowdown is bottoming out. Credit goes to a wave of lending, but economists warn that debt-fueled growth can’t continue.
Peter Ashlock has completed 25,000 trips for Uber. As insiders cash in with what may be a $100 billion public offering, he’s on the road to nowhere.
The decline in the number of tournaments in the U.S. corresponds with the decline in the number of highly ranked Americans and the growth of tennis in Europe and Asia.
Tuesday: Housing bills on the line; Kamala Harris vows executive action on gun control; and not-yet-historic historic places
Monday: You don’t have to be a climate scientist. Also: more fallout from Nipsey Hussle, and a guide to Mendocino County
The rater has become the rated.
The replacement came two weeks after President Trump designated the Revolutionary Guards as a foreign terrorist organization.
Plus, The National Enquirer has a new owner and the country’s economy gets a checkup.
Herman Cain and Stephen Moore have eschewed the traditional silence for such picks, providing nearly daily commentary. But the Senate may not like what it’s hearing.
Imran Khan, praised for his statesmanlike handling of a recent standoff with India, said Pakistan can’t allow the powerful groups to operate any longer.
Let us help you start your day.
“Our Planet” depicts melting glaciers, plummeting walruses and other effects of climate change in real time. The series creators share their behind-the-scenes stories.
The election was a referendum on Netanyahu and he nailed it. His playbook will be Trump’s in 2020.
Stephen Moore and Herman Cain aren’t the only problems. The Fed needs to make changes to avoid repeating its post-recession mistakes.
Twenty years later, we still haven't partied like we did in 1999.
A transition to democracy in Sudan will be difficult and needs robust support from the United States and African leaders.
His ouster by the military after 30 years of heartless rule is welcome. Finding better leaders and a better life for the Sudanese people will be a challenge.
Thursday: A legal fight shows the challenges of marijuana regulation; rapid rehousing may work in Los Angeles; and “Beach Blanket Babylon” is closing.
In an increasingly diverse country, the G.O.P. can’t afford to alienate voters like me.
The Silicon Valley food-drink of choice is now a ‘complete nutrition platform.’ The beverage plot thickens.
The economist Joseph Stiglitz discusses Bernie Sanders, social policy and how we define ourselves — and one another.
The son of World War II refugees, Mr. Miliband walked away from British politics. Today he works to bring food, aid and education to refugees around the world.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Let us help you start your day.
Corporate profits are typically among the most reliable guide to the future direction of the stock market. And yet American stocks are up about 15 percent this year.
The Treasury secretary said China would have the right to enforce United States commitments.
The forces of wealth creation once fostered the right to be left alone. But that has changed.
For New Yorkers looking for greenery and culture, the Putnam County village is an irresistible draw. Some residents say that’s a “double-edged sword.”
The North Korean leader said he would meet with President Trump again only if the United States showed a willingness to compromise on sanctions.
We can’t adapt to perils we can’t foresee. So we need to cut greenhouse gas emissions now.
The Trump administration’s hard-line immigration policies, and rhetoric, are straining the daily cross-border existence of those in Cali-Baja.
The president has suggested in the past that Mr. Xi would travel to the United States for a signing ceremony once the countries have a final deal.
Big tech stocks including Microsoft have been leading the market higher, a rally that would have been hard to imagine at the end of 2018.
His biggest supporters are his biggest victims.
A longer or worsening trade war could hurt China’s already bruised factories. Still, Beijing is signaling it is ready for a fight.
Congress is debating a national privacy law to regulate how big tech companies like Facebook and Google collect and handle user data.
Negotiations are in trouble, and that could cause serious problems for the global economy.
As Americans worry about the potential end of a 10-year expansion, it’s worth studying the Aussies, whose winning streak is about to turn 28.
Many question whether the president can outflank party rivals and root out the corruption that has come to define the party of Nelson Mandela, the African National Congress.
In Mississippi, a pilot project to distribute incomes to poverty-stricken single African-American mothers shows the plausibility of a more equal America.
The stories of Anna Sorokin, Lori Loughlin and others suggest how eager we are to exploit and punish female humiliation.
As the trade war intensifies, Chinese subsidies for homegrown industries present a difficult obstacle to reaching a deal.
Starting as a $40-a-week proofreader, he rose through the newsroom and corporate ranks, becoming chairman and chief executive of Dow Jones.
A spokesman for the World Economic Forum says its efforts to promote inclusive economic policies benefit everyone, not just the elite.
Prime Minister Imran Khan had opposed any bailout before taking office, but has since reluctantly embraced the need for a rescue with Pakistan’s economy facing a crisis.
The Rust Belt gets the attention. But the center of American politics might soon be shifting west.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Over golf outings and at dinners, more than a dozen competitors agreed to keep prices for H.I.V., asthma and cancer drugs artificially high, 44 states allege in a new lawsuit.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
Cooperation with the Chinese company could put American intelligence sharing with Britain at risk, the secretary of state said on a London visit.
A national debate over the economy, sectarianism and security — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s role in it all — played out over weeks of voting.
In a scathing final report on the impact of budget cuts in Britain, an expert on extreme poverty compared the overhauls to the Victorian workhouse system.
Recreational vehicles offer travelers the thrill of the open road and the comforts of home. Here’s how to get started.
Days before she was set to go on trial for corruption, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced an unexpected political strategy.
A woman assaulted by a tour guide says the company’s policies discourage reporting and keep travelers from finding out the truth.
Why “Rabbit,” the perfect art for the roaring mid-80s, continues to speak to us.
The film star is nominated for a Tony for “All My Sons,” a play with which she has a personal connection.
The president of the world’s third-largest democracy won a second term Tuesday, and vowed in an interview to protect pluralism and fight growing extremist threats.
Can China survive without American chips?
The sunny job numbers and steady growth hide the fact that most people think the economy works only for people in power.
Value-added taxes are popular in many countries, especially those that are less affluent. The great advantage is a built-in feature that deters tax evasion, an emerging body of research shows.
As the trade war rages, ambivalence in China about the United States has posed an unusual challenge for the Communist Party.
We need to deflate Beijing’s ambitions, without bursting them.
A conversation between “Daily” hosts.
The Trump administration is organizing a conference to show Palestinian business leaders the economic benefits of its Mideast peace plan. The Palestinians are saying no thanks.
The regime has gradually cornered rebels, extremist fighters and civilians alike in Idlib Province.
Long, inflexible hours are the norm. But in a tight job market, more companies are offering flexibility on the when and where of work.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s government is spending billions to prop up the currency amid new economic turmoil. The question is how long it can last.
Government programs, not economic freedom, are what win elections in my home country.
Robert Lepage’s much-warred-over Metropolitan Opera production of Wagner’s “Ring” cycle now makes for decent drama. But it’s still not worth it.
Like “Conversations With Friends,” “Normal People” also traces a young romance in Ireland.
Mr. de Blasio has focused on issues like education and criminal justice. But while he is a self-styled progressive, his record is more complex.
She was the founding director of the Congressional Budget Office, budget director under Bill Clinton and vice chairwoman of the Federal Reserve.
The economic conflict between the United States and China, the world’s two biggest economies, showed little sign of ending soon.
While Nike promotes gender equality in its ads, their sponsored athletes say they risk losing pay if they become pregnant.
Economic geography is proving more significant than historical alliances.
Australia feels the brunt of climate change. Now, as elections approach, its politicians are trying to figure out how to manage the anxiety of voters.
Wednesday: Why researchers came up with a new scale for the storms that hit California; Disneyland and the new theme park war; and 10 Persian recipes
The president’s latest trade measures have left the United States with the highest tariff rate among the most developed countries, outranking Canada, Germany, Russia and even China.
Friday: Housing bill postponed, the SAT adds an “adversity score,” homeless numbers rise and, finally, resilient kittens.
Here’s what you need to know.
The Department of Homeland Security said the country’s instability created conditions that “threaten the safety and security of passengers, aircraft, and crew.”
The future of the rain forest depends on an economy that revolves around its conservation.
A Burger King commercial reveals the perils of corporate relatability.
Since taking office, the hard-line Italian populist has hardly been in the office. With European Parliament elections approaching, he has gone into overdrive.
A historian and a leading dissident against a Communist regime, he coined the name of the Solidarity movement and was its first spokesman.
More than 20 years after war upended this breathtakingly beautiful land in the Balkans, a writer explores her faith, and the challenges of history.
The Trump administration announced an aid package for farmers on Thursday to mollify an important political constituency hurt by a trade clash with China.
Build he won’t, and that’s a good thing.
His stylish restaurant helped start the rise of Charleston, S.C., as a culinary destination.
Tag your shelf! Hotels, restaurants, shops and yachts stock up on beautiful and lamentably inexpensive treasures.
At its annual shareholders meeting, the bank’s chairman faced pressure to resign amid a money-laundering scandal and meager profits.
Botswana has the world’s largest population of African elephants, and the decision to lift a five-year prohibition on hunting drew an international backlash.
President Trump, at a news conference with farmers and ranchers on Thursday, made misleading or false statements about agricultural data, union support of a renegotiated trade deal and his approval ratings.
The bull market lives, thanks to the Federal Reserve’s new, more relaxed approach to interest rates.
Over a half-century, the eclectic and beloved live-music and food event has grown inseparable from the cultural ecosystem of its hometown.
The automaker said its lowest-priced offering would be available only in stores or by phone, just weeks after emphasizing a shift to online sales.
The Fed is continuing its “patient” stance as it considers its next move, but weak inflation could force it to walk a policy tightrope.
For people without a college degree, finding work that offers decent pay can be a challenge. The solution may require a change in scenery.
In “Firefighting,” Ben S. Bernanke, Timothy F. Geithner and Henry M. Paulson Jr. explain their roles in averting a financial disaster.
Britain’s prime minister accused Mr. Williamson of leaking to the media sensitive information about National Security Council talks on the Chinese telecommunications giant.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Venezuela's political crisis has deep roots. Here's the background on the standoff between the government of Nicolás Maduro and the opposition.
The armed forces’ continued support for the dictator remains the opposition’s most formidable obstacle for a regime change.
Japan’s new emperor. The power of Jack Dorsey. The raisin situation. Same pictures 68 years apart. Ok gets the ok from Scrabble. And more.
Mr. Bennet, a moderate Democrat from Colorado, has been involved in bipartisan Senate compromises on immigration, education and other issues.
Moral panic about our use of devices could benefit from good data. Big Tech companies are sitting on that information.
On a bike you can immerse yourself in the sights and smells of a world of blooms in the gardens and fields near the Dutch city of Leiden.
Steady leadership at the Federal Reserve is keeping the economy on track.
The Red Cross sent in their first shipment of medical supplies and hopes to distribute them without political intervention. The delay cost an untold number of lives.
Negotiations appear to have done little to resolve an emerging rivalry over data that the tech industry says is key to industries of the future.
In the city’s Central Cemetery, where Beethoven and Schubert lie, a company is offering music lovers the chance to join them for eternity.
How America’s obsession with long hours has widened the gender gap.
Let us help you start your day.
Mike Pompeo, the secretary of state, said in an interview with CNN that Mr. Maduro had planned to flee to Cuba on Tuesday, but was urged by the Russian government to stay.
Here’s what you need to know.
To help solve the climate crisis, we need to electrify everything.
The stance put the president at odds with Democrats and his own attorney general, setting up another confrontation over presidential authority and the separation of powers.
The former vice president is defending his friendliness toward Republicans in Washington, saying Mr. Trump doesn’t represent them. But others say that view is naïve.
On farms that produce 70 percent of the world’s hazelnuts for Nestlé, Godiva and Nutella, Syrians say they can’t earn a living wage — or much respect.
Here’s what you need to know.
The former vice president has stayed on the sidelines while his record has been scrutinized. His entry is sure to reshape the Democratic primary contest.
African swine fever, which harms pigs but not humans, has swept across the country, the world’s largest pork producer. And the government knows about only some of the cases.
Even as Spain’s interior provinces empty out, they punch above their weight politically and could determine the outcome of Sunday’s national election.
A three-week work stoppage forced thousands of schools to close, posing a challenge for the governing party ahead of national elections.
The N.R.A. is dealing with inner turmoil, lawsuits and a newly empowered Democratic House. The president’s visit is being thought of as a needed pep talk.
Lt. Gen. Mohamed Hamdan was once a camel trader who led a militia accused of genocidal violence in Darfur. He now sits at the pinnacle of power.
Faring worse in the recovery, they worry more about jobs than white Democrats do, polling shows.
In the heart of grape-growing country, this riverside city in France is especially appealing to those in the wine-sipping, food-loving crowd.
Despairing about privacy isn’t an admission of defeat. It’s an acknowledgment that taking control of our data matters.
Expectations that the Federal Reserve will start dropping interest rates have surged in recent days.
Legal Aid lawyers, who represent poor people in court, often have to work second jobs to make ends meet.
The music industry can tell us a lot about our winner-take-all economy.
My political agenda has been shaped by my family’s experiences of struggling to make ends meet.
A sharp decline in the pace of hiring in May, especially in sectors dependent on trade, suggests that the president’s tariffs are starting to bite.
New ventures hope to fill a need as the number of African high school graduates grows, along with demand for a more highly skilled work force.
President Andrés Manuel López Obrador of Mexico can either give in to President Trump or face stiff tariffs. Both could weaken his ratings at home and the Mexican economy.
Don’t give in to cynicism.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Ms. Warren laid out a theme of “economic patriotism,” pledging to intervene in markets and invest $2 trillion in climate-friendly industries over a decade.
A bitter custody battle threatens affirmative action laws, tribal rights, and the future of one little girl.
A new book identifies aristocrats, investors and companies that own vast portions of the country, amid growing complaints about land scarcity and economic inequality.
Traders at Barclays, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and the Royal Bank of Scotland engaged in anti-competitive behavior, the European Commission found.
Tim Bouverie’s “Appeasement” describes the many ways the British government avoided standing up to Hitler.
The exiting president of the E.C.B. famously vowed to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the eurozone currency. It is unclear whether whoever follows him can be counted on to do the same.
From a whisky distiller to a fintech entrepreneur, meet four people who are taking old industries along entirely new paths.
In her Graphic Content column, Hillary Chute looks at new works from Mark Alan Stamaty and Jaime Hernandez that each grapple with urban existence.
The West and oil-rich areas have seen stronger gains than the industrial Midwest, which was hit hard by outsourcing and automation, a new analysis shows.
A mobilization spearheaded by student and labor movements is focusing on the land question to address the social legacy of apartheid.
Pressure may get Iran to consider talking, but there has to be give and take for negotiations to begin.
The business unit was doing well, but the employees were sad. Could data offer a clue?
Doused in pepper, salt and history, the region’s signature dish is a staple of after-church dinners, and a fine reason for a road trip.
If Iran won’t change its behavior, we should sink its navy.
President Trump’s trade war is stirring uncertainty, weighing on manufacturing and disrupting increasingly delicate global economic growth.
The skinny waterway, the gateway for a third of all crude oil by tanker, has become a security risk that could threaten the oil market.
Yields on Treasury debt have fallen, which means investors expect the Federal Reserve to push interest rates lower and keep them there.
The New York Times reported that American intelligence had secretly inserted software that could allow it to disable the Russian energy system.
But what is the endgame?
The vote in the New York Legislature came after the issue had splintered Democrats, with suburban moderates objecting.
The average policy took 18 minutes to finish and required a college-level reading ability.
The direction and results are obvious.
People can’t take America seriously anymore.
Stephen Colbert and others mocked President Trump’s claim that Mexico had agreed to new actions in the immigration deal and that some of them had not yet been revealed.
Bestowing the Presidential Medal of Freedom on a discredited economist was another gross Trump injustice.
With Democrats in firm control in Albany, lawmakers carried out a progressive agenda that had long been thwarted.
Congress could learn a thing or two.
Donald J. Trump carried several key states on a vow to end manufacturing job losses. That has not happened.
The presidents of the St. Louis and Minneapolis branches of the Federal Reserve want rates cut now, and even the central bank’s vice chair says uncertainty is growing.
The Persian Gulf crisis has not ignited a major price spike, thanks to growing oil production in the U.S. and a slowing in overall demand.
The United States and Iran, two longtime adversaries, are once again hurtling toward potential crisis.
Iran is resorting to rogue state tactics as part of a strategy to induce other countries to counter what it sees as an existential American threat.
Democrats and Republicans agree: Corruption ails the country.
A proposal to reduce the 28-country bloc's net carbon emissions to zero by 2050 failed when eastern countries that are heavily dependent on coal raised objections. 
Revenues were down about 4 percent compared with 2017. Business was up slightly at his hotel in Washington and down nearly 10 percent at Mar-a-Lago.
The migrants have been arriving in Portland, Maine, by the dozens. The surge has opened a debate in the city, which needs new residents but also has filled its shelters.
The 2020 election will be a test — not just of the man but of his country. Was President Trump’s victory the last time around a historical fluke or a genuine reflection of America in the modern age?
Kevin Roose gets into the future of technology, the anxiety of publishing a huge story and his newest hobby (no screens involved).
President Trump played down the importance of securing a trade deal with Beijing as he prepared to meet with President Xi Jinping of China this weekend.
The Republican Party is farther right than U.K.I.P. and France’s National Rally, according to an analysis of their platforms.
Candidates discussed several issues including immigration, climate change, health care and gun control.
Analysts estimate that offers of visas and passports drive more than $20 billion a year in investments.
The deal underscores the European Union’s commitment to free trade in the face of rising trade tensions and protectionism around the world.
Two adaptations of works by the writer Marguerite Duras are playing as one-woman shows in Paris.
Candidates discussed several issues including immigration, health care, civil rights and the economy.
Russian stocks are generating some of the highest returns of 2019, as investors get over the shock of last year’s sanctions.
Julián Castro excelled, Elizabeth Warren went from big factor at first to non-factor at times, and Cory Booker and Beto O’Rourke spoke the most but didn’t create singularly memorable moments.
Iran, Turkey, Boris Johnson: Here’s what you need to know.
A survey finds that voters think the trade measures will be bad for the United States, and that even most Republicans say they will lead to higher prices.
In an interview with the Financial Times newspaper, the Russian president declared that the “liberal idea” was “obsolete.”
