Opponents of the Trans-Pacific Partnership seem afraid to find out what will actually be in the agreement.
A vote halted consideration of legislation granting President Obama “fast track” power to complete a major trade accord with 11 nations in the Pacific Rim.
The president took part in a panel discussion held at a conference on poverty hosted by Georgetown University.
The move follows approval of a separate bill that would crack down on currency manipulation, an issue clouding prospects for a Pacific trade accord.
The move is a result of the strength of the Russian currency, which is up 21 percent this year, and will limit its rise.
The proposal, which has not been finalized and requires national governments’ approval, is being supported by Germany and Mediterranean member states.
Both countries insisted that King Salman of Saudi Arabia was not snubbing President Obama by skipping meetings at Camp David, though it seemed to reflect a new reality that the allies are at odds.
The European Union’s foreign policy chief said the bloc was ready to take action against migrant smuggling rings without the approval of the United Nations Security Council.
A holistic planning approach can help reduce portfolio risk and improve returns by showing where tweaks can be made to provide the best mix of holdings, according to an investment management study.
The House, like the Senate, passed a bill barring representation fees or union dues to obtain a job, but the vote was far from enough to override a veto.
South Korea’s spy agency said Gen. Hyon Yong-chol was executed by an antiaircraft gun while hundreds of fellow generals and senior party officials watched, but analysts questioned the authenticity of the report.
Hurt by the sanctions on Russia and the fall of Nokia, the Finnish economy has contracted for two consecutive quarters.
Beji Caid Essebsi has won the trust of many Tunisians with his call for a strong state and a modern secular society.
Central Africa cannot afford to let the president's irresponsible wish for a third term tip the country into ethnic strife.
Baffert has had three horses come within a victory of a Triple Crown sweep, but this year he said his only desire was to win the Kentucky Derby.
ZipCap is testing a system for quantifying customers’ devotion at places like Beezy’s Cafe in Ypsilanti, Mich., and turning it into a monetizable asset.
Across the Americas, governments are increasingly challenging traditional U.S.-led strategies like prohibition and the eradication of crops.
A visit by Secretary of State John Kerry was seen as an olive branch and an acknowledgment that Russia is too important to ignore.
The defiant stand by Yanis Varoufakis in the high-stakes economic negotiations with the E.U. threatens to tear Europe apart.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s recent moves to address labor abuses in the nail salon industry are a respectable start, but the trail of abuse also runs deep in the construction and restaurant worlds.
If the sunny days continue, the state’s sunny temperament may not.
Silicon Valley Bank has maintained a competitive edge among start-ups and venture capitalists by understanding the local culture — jeans and all.
The move by Gov. Jerry Brown comes as California’s drought has reached near-crisis proportions after a winter that brought record-low snowfalls.
Income equality is about bridging the gap between rich and poor. Economic equality is about raising up the poor.
The French conglomerate is trying to revamp the fortunes of the video-sharing website, which has long struggled to live up to its early promise as the next YouTube.
Corruption cases are raising doubts about a country that has been a darling of global finance institutions and exposing figures across the ideological spectrum to scorn.
Companies with past ties to trafficking are building ports, dams and hotels as Myanmar strives to modernize after decades of dictatorial rule.
Dr. Norwood was appointed commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics by Jimmy Carter and held the position, where she oversaw the measurement of economic data, until 1991.
The merger would greatly expand FedEx’s presence in Europe and comes less than two years since European regulators blocked a bid for TNT by UPS.
It might be tempting, but Greece cannot count on Russia to ride to its financial rescue.
The United States has become the landlord to the private club empire Soho House, as part of a deal initially intended to keep a historic building as a space to foster relations with the Middle East.
Joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership would help the country develop and liberalize, and fend off China's ambitions in Asia.
The radical-left government has pretty much exhausted its techniques for squeezing blood from a stone.
Our Web gems this week include a look at how effective your police department is at solving crime and a comic strip that takes on economists.
While agreeing the talks are pivotal, American experts cannot predict the political impact of an accord on Tehran’s complex internal politics.
The proliferation and power of graduate degrees in creative writing have inspired heated scholarly debate. Aspiring novelists, take note.
Working for sharing-economy services can benefit ambitious, educated self-starters, but stifle those who are less adaptable or have less schooling.
The current economic and political crisis raises fears that recent economic gains will be washed down the drain.
The expected mass deportation of Haitian immigrants in the Dominican Republic failed to materialize in the two days after the government’s deadline for them to normalize their status.
A default no longer seems likely to trigger a banking collapse across Europe, but few are eager to test that premise.
This week’s homes include a Spanish Colonial Revival-style in San Clemente, Calif. and a contemporary in Atlanta.
Mohammad Javad Zarif, Iran’s foreign minister, returns to Vienna for an intensive final week of talks after high-level meetings in Tehran.
No one knows for sure why prices recovered Tuesday, but some analysts said investors expected the Chinese government to prop up share prices.
The governor is leery of deals with Iran and Cuba, says one immigration solution is a clampdown on illegal hiring, and opposes same-sex marriage and Common Core.
Kremlin officials, who had lobbied hard against an extension, called it self-defeating and said their countersanctions would be extended in response.
Though youth unemployment hovers just below 25 percent, a proliferation of start-ups in France is putting silver linings among the economic clouds.
The Obama administration said no federal bailout would be coming, but expressed support for a Democrat-led effort in Congress to extend Chapter 9 protection to some of the island’s public entities.
As the T.P.P. moves through Congress, factory workers whose jobs have vanished don’t know who’s looking out for them.
The Korean population in the borough has been declining, and the center, in Bedford Park, which offers translation and other services, has been losing members.
The Russian moves have set off debate over military spending and highlighted how quickly President Vladimir V. Putin has shredded the certainties of the post-Cold War era.
For $1.3 million, a foreigner can obtain a Maltese passport, residency with tax advantages and freedom to move throughout the European Union.
The language was unusually blunt about the consequences of Western powers choosing “the path of confrontation.”
President Vladimir V. Putin moved swiftly to take advantage of a possible thaw in relations over a potential deal curbing Iran’s nuclear ambitions.
The United States and Europe are on different paths to recovery from the 2008 financial crisis. Bad new ideas have perpetuated depression in Europe.
Despite having faced corruption accusations themselves, the men who command Brazil’s scandal-plagued Congress are actually increasing their power over the scandal-plagued president, Dilma Rousseff.
As Hillary Rodham Clinton begins her campaign for the presidency this week, she's starting low-key, but soon she will prefer a focus on issues.
The question now is whether President Obama and his successors can capitalize on the new credibility Washington has earned, primarily through his rapprochement with Havana.
Progressive Field’s concessions adopt a system that converts food waste to energy.
A glance at the Republican candidate’s views on foreign policy, immigration, the environment, same-sex marriage and the economy.
A glance at where Hillary Rodham Clinton, a former secretary of state, stands on foreign policy, climate change, immigration and the economy.
There are more steps the Obama administration can take to strengthen its standing in the region.
The banks should hold enough capital to make bailouts unnecessary.
Our promising future as an E.U. member is being undermined by government eavesdropping and corruption.
His recent nuclear threats inevitably raise tensions and could increase the chances of deadly miscalculations.
Rather than concede any missteps by Athens, Yanis Varoufakis is seeking to assess the flaws of the eurozone.
The $1.5 billion deal is the biggest for LinkedIn in its 12-year history as it continues to expand beyond its core social network.
China has the world’s largest Coast Guard fleet, with more ships than Japan, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines combined, a report shows.
Mr. Benaud, a former captain of Australia, was a uniquely authoritative television voice, explaining the action with dry wit, perception and economy.
Investors can reduce exposure to currency fluctuations by choosing certain types of funds, but some argue it is better to ignore the ups and downs.
Three is not a crowd when faced with New York real estate prices. Some couples find that renting out a spare bedroom is a good way to build up a nest egg.
Margrethe Vestager, the European Union competition commissioner, has brought an assertive approach to the competition ministry since taking over last year.
Europe’s antitrust chief is expected to accuse the search giant of using its dominant position to favor its own services, a case that could force a change in its practices.
In arguing the case for letting in fewer foreigners, the senator ignores the truth that immigration, over all, is good for the American economy.
Minutes of the March policy meeting, and recent comments by Federal Reserve officials, reflect concern that job and inflation goals are unmet.
In accepting the decision of Nigerian voters, Goodluck Jonathan showed unexpected statesmanship.
Until recently, Wednesday night’s slate of local basketball games held little intrigue, but that changed after the Nets’ run of wins and a stabbing involving the Pacers’ Chris Copeland.
In a bright spot in a largely bleak Russian economy, domestic cheese makers are meeting demand for varieties once imported from Europe.
What the Arabs need is time to get their house in order. An accord would give them the opportunity to do so.
The big differences are that Labour would tax the rich more and the Tories might take Britain out of the European Union.
It helps teach us what we don’t know.
Beware those telling you what you want to hear.
A new global deal could give multinationals even more reason to move overseas.
The beatification of an assassinated archbishop is an important marker in the routing of hard-line conservatives in the church.
A law that gives two votes per share to long-term shareholders in French companies, meant to rein in hostile takeovers, could instead shift power to a different set of interests.
The big apparel brands are responsible for improving the lot of all the workers who toil for their bottom line.
African-American lawmakers are feeling the presidential touch as President Obama reaches out for votes on his trade bill.
Egypt is moving away from democracy, stifling freedom of expression and failing to hold the security forces accountable for “arbitrary or unlawful killings,” the administration said.
The Federal Reserve’s practices are the focus of investigations by the Justice Department, the House Financial Services Committee and the Fed’s inspector general.
Citing slower-than-expected economic growth, the International Monetary Fund said early 2016 would be a better time to raise the benchmark rate.
The two French lenders reported stronger net income in the first quarter, as the European economy picked up steam and the European Central Bank began a program of stimulus measures.
The leaders who have been trumpeting Soviet grandeur on the world stage are overseeing its retreat at home.
Recovery will require a large-scale relief package and the support of foreign donors.
According to one estimate, more than one in five owners of hybrid and electric vehicles are switching to S.U.V.s instead.
The president, battling for passage of one of the final initiatives of his presidency, said liberals opposed to the accord were “just wrong.”
It is easier to appeal to voters with nonsense economics than to think things through.
Labour is back in the wilderness with no easy way out. Fear and the pocketbook secured a Tory triumph.
Forget gaming. Atlantic City is looking to concerts to draw the crowds now that its casinos are dwindling.
Geishas in traditional teahouses in Japan, once a secret society, are increasingly entertaining businessmen — and even speaking English.
The quarreling in Washington about taxes and spending ignores some areas in which policies actually promote unequal distribution of wealth.
Mayor Bill de Blasio suggested that changes under his administration had already eased the burden on officers’ time, even as crime remained relatively low.
The effort, called Start-Up New York, has spent tens of millions of dollars to create 76 jobs in its first full year of operation.
The stage adaptation of Boris Pasternak’s novel and David Lean’s film stars Tam Mutu and Kelli Barrett.
Gazprom is expected to be accused of abusing its dominance in natural gas markets, and countries like Lithuania and the United States have been pushing for a crackdown.
Henry M. Paulson, Treasury secretary during the 2008 financial crisis, warns China in a new book that it will undoubtedly have to “face a reckoning.”
Deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership are widely supported in the profession, but Congress may still hold on to mistaken beliefs.
The data published by the European Central Bank come amid other signs that eurozone banks are recovering from a crisis that began in 2008.
In Silicon Valley, mixed messages fuel a best-in-class mentality.
The Republican presidential hopefuls are resurrecting long-refuted ideas as if they actually worked.
Earnings at the second-largest automaker in the world after Toyota remained dependent on the high-end Audi and Porsche brands.
Investing in kids has long-term benefits.
The forces contributing to contemporary class stratification are beyond the reach of the classroom alone.
A study suggests that people aren’t aware of the monthly variation in their cash flow and that many aren’t prepared for a big spending month.
Employees are steadily missing out on annual salary increases that compound over time, as companies exercise financial control by opting for one-off bonuses and other rewards.
In cities from New York to New Delhi, the car service Uber has faced threats and bans from regulators but usually comes out on top. Has it met its match in Paris?
No one is focusing on the day after a deal or a default, and on which outcome will offer the least pain.
The organization of the world’s richest nations forecast that growth should be healthier by the end of 2016.
A proposed system of quotas would ensure that European countries do their fair share in handling the huge number of people seeking asylum.
Years after the mobile device company was a corporate victim of a price-fixing scheme, the Supreme Court might take up the case.
The coming 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata is just one sign of the resurgence of a type of car associated more with sun and fun than practicality.
A carbon emissions tax is an easy, effective approach to climate change, steering companies and consumers toward lower-emission and renewable sources.
Beepi, which acts as a broker between sellers and buyers of used automobiles, could alter the way people buy used cars.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi would like to monetize the roughly 20,000 tons of gold thought to be in private hands, 2,500 tons of it in major Hindu temples.
Prosecutors said Navinder Singh Sarao manipulated futures contracts in a way that helped prompt the Dow to plunge 600 points in May 2010.
The Continent’s lead in the small but fast-growing offshore wind industry is a rare bright spot for the region’s renewable power sector.
New loans to businesses increased 24 percent in the first quarter, the bank said, and new loans to individuals rose 36 percent.
After the election of Tyus Byrd, four of the six police officers in Parma, Mo., quit, as did the town’s wastewater manager and clerk, leaving only five people on staff.
As head of the asset forfeiture unit at the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan, Ms. Levin helped get corporate giants and others to pay some $15 billion in penalties.
President Nursultan Nazarbayev is seen as courting a vote of confidence in an early election as the Central Asian nation faces an economic slowdown and regional instability.
The government has faced criticism that it responded too slowly to attacks that have claimed seven lives.
A year of living dangerously for the European Union as Greece and Britain pose threats.
Maduro must reorient the economy and accept that democracy includes dissent.
Mr. Haroche was a founder of Liberty Travel, which grew from a two-man operation to the largest leisure travel operation in the United States.
Technology has upended our economy. Can technology save it?
There are too few women in engineering, but we have seen that real-world programs can attract them to the field.
The inflation rate in the currency bloc was zero in April, after months in negative territory, but unemployment was stuck at 11.3 percent in March.
The seven-day curfew that requires residents to stay off the streets from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. is a potential economic disaster for local business owners that rely on nighttime customers.
Helped by a lack of recent political turmoil and low prices in the region, Nicaragua is growing as a second-home destination.
The city’s minimum wage increase challenges Congress and other states, especially New York.
A new documentary explores thorny questions like why people lie, how they do it and what is the fallout.
The former senator is known for taking conservative stances on same-sex marriage, immigration and foreign policy, among other issues.
A former senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Santorum was the runner-up in the 2012 Republican primary race, buoyed by the support of social conservatives, but has had little traction this time.
A composite output index for the eurozone came in at 53.4 in May. A number above 50 signals that the economy is continuing to expand.
While the Obama administration argues that diplomacy has dealt with the problem, senators from both parties and the auto industry are pressing for action.
Senator Mitch McConnell aligned with the president to push the deal, which would link 12 nations on either side of the Pacific into a trading bloc and expand the president’s trading authority. The legislation still requires House approval.
The “sharing” economy has led to more scrutiny from local governments that require hosts to collect and pay occupancy taxes for short-term rentals.
The new bloc, which opposes immigration and big government, will be led by Marine Le Pen, the leader of France’s National Front.
Undocumented workers in the Dominican Republic have until Wednesday to register their presence in the country, in the hope of ultimately being allowed to stay.
The annual forecast by the Congressional Budget Office showed a small drop, attributable to continued low interest rates, in the long-term outlook for debt levels.
The financial crisis has given remarkable staying power to false explanations of big events. And they continue to warp policy.
Financial-services jobs are leaving New York, lured by lower costs.
The jihadists’ governing efforts, from inspecting food to offering perks to newlyweds, have brought a stability unavailable from national governments.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the big stories.
Janet Yellen’s comments expose the yawning gap between how economists think and how markets react.
President Park Geun-hye’s image as a strong leader who can keep a clear head in a crisis has come crashing down as her government struggles to contain an outbreak of Middle East respiratory syndrome.
The Russian president, who enjoys better relations with Italy than with other European countries, also met with the pope.
Last-minute additions were appended not to the fast-track bill at the center of the fight, but to a separate bill being considered alongside it.
U.S. citizens may fear homegrown jihadists, but law enforcement is more worried about right-wing extremists.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the big stories.
Cuba, one of the Western Hemisphere’s least-wired countries, is poised to expand access to the Internet by introducing some three dozen Wi-Fi hot spots around the island and reducing the steep fees.
Despite changing attitudes on several fronts, race in America is an issue that won’t go away.
Congress must work with the Federal Reserve to revive the economy, which has slowed down and fallen short of forecasts.
Tourism in Egypt was just beginning to recover from the slump after the Arab Spring revolution of 2011 when militants began targeting tourist sites again. Here are some notable attacks of recent years.
The Upshot began publication April 22, 2014, and we published more than 1,500 articles in our first year. To celebrate our first birthday, we’ve put together a list of our 250 most-read pieces.
The Times produced more than 400 articles, including about 50 front-page stories from inside the Ebola-afflicted countries themselves. Here is a sample of work.
Why him, anyway?
The cruise industry is contributing a record amount to the economies of Europe with passenger numbers up moer than 20 percent since the financial crisis. Ivor Bennett looks at the reasons why and the opportunities it offers.
China’s services sector hit a four-month high according to a private survey but companies are still feeling the pressure of a slowing economy. Meg Teckman reports.
Chinese tourists are going abroad in larger numbers despite a slowing domestic economy, and the U.S. is an increasingly attractive destination for them to spend their cash. Jane Lanhee Lee reports.
India's prime minister is pushing forward with a set of new labor laws that could transform the nation's economy, creating millions of jobs and making the nation more competitive globally. Eve Johnson reports.
A second day of strikes is causing heavy delays at French airports, as air traffic controllers protest over work conditions. It's the latest round of industrial action hurting the country's already fragile economy. Hayley Platt reports.
Residents and businesses in the former Soviet republic of Georgia feel the squeeze from an economy battered by a fall in the Russian rouble and the conflict in Ukraine.  Hayley Platt reports.
In her first campaign rally, Clinton strikes populist tone vowing to build an inclusive economy and grow the middle class. Sean Carberry reports.
Japan’s aging population is causing a drag on the world’s third largest economy as pensioners aren't spending as Shinzo Abe’s government has been promoting. Meg Teckman reports.
Retail sales in Japan rebounded in April after three straight months of falls, possibly proving the Bank of Japan right in their rosier view of the economy. Meg Teckman reports.
Campaigning for Turkey's election has entered its final few days with the economy one of the key issues.  As Amy Pollock reports the vote could reshape the political landscape in one of the last decade's fastest growing economies.
The solid jobs report suggests the economy is rebounding from a weak winter quarter. Some economists see the Fed hiking interest rates in the fall. Fred Katayama reports.
Group of Seven leaders agree to wean their energy-hungry economies off carbon fuels, marking a major step in the battle against global warming. Vanessa Johnston reports.
Young, digitally savvy activists despaired after the 2013 protests. Then they got organized.
Moves by Taiwan to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank have prompted protests at home and raised sensitive questions of sovereignty for the self-governed island.
We need that crisis!
City leaders are asking for ordinary straphangers’ help convincing Congress to fund improvements to the nation’s transportation infrastructure.
What we learn from the IMF on investment.
Seizing the chance to make the same mistakes.
Lessons from one’s own forgotten papers.
A video celebrating close ties between the Chinese and Russian peoples was released just before President Xi Jinping’s visit to Moscow.
How dumb are we?
Bad Behavior in Finance Persists, Study Says | Wall Street Bounces Back | Years of Complaints Finally Catch Up to Broker | Economic Uncertainty Rattles Greeks
President Obama’s plans to broaden deportation relief for unauthorized immigrants were supposed to take effect today. Instead they’re stuck in limbo.
Entrepreneurs have delved into satisfying the demand for street spaces, but apps like MonkeyParking and Haystack have been banned in some cities for selling something they don’t own.
Taiwan submitted a letter of intent on March 31 to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank as a founding member. Although Beijing welcomed Taiwan’s participation, it said it must do so under an “appropriate name.”
Does color coding toys pink and blue based on gender stereotypes reinforce gender biases?
The performances illustrate the way investors are questioning whether social media companies can keep their growth rates vigorous enough to justify their valuations.
The economist argues that China’s economic boom has been fueled by private enterprise and policies that have allowed the market to play a greater role.
China Moves Closer to Inclusion in MSCI Index | Wall Street Embraces Financial Tech Start-Ups | Tokio Marine to Buy HCC for $7.5 Billion | G.E. Sells Buyout Financing Unit for $12 Billion
Nearly 40 percent of European companies in China that were surveyed were planning to cut costs, and 61 percent of those said they would do so through layoffs.
The pope’s complaints about technology in agriculture, including G.M.O.s, focus on corporate behavior and social impacts, not biological peril.
The ride-hailing company has long positioned itself as a “logistics company” and says its drivers are contractors, not employees.
Off-ramps from the road to hell.
Media dig in on California’s profligate water habits.
The F.C.C. regulations are expected to appear in the Federal Register as early as this week, starting two 60-day countdowns: one until they take effect and the other until a deadline for lawsuits.
