The Russian leader gave his clearest indication yet that he would work with the winner of this weekend’s vote, but stopped short of saying the ballot would be legitimate.
The proposed pipeline’s effect on emissions would be negligible — nascent regulations on emissions from coal and cars would have a far greater impact on global warming.
Mr. Bush’s efforts to capitalize on his résumé and reputation have thrust him into situations that may prove challenging to explain should he mount a campaign for the presidency.
Two recent articles show the differences — and the similarities — of how favors and connections are used by the powerful.
In the sharing economy, safety issues, taxes and regulation have tended to be an afterthought. But now, regulators and officials are questioning the practices of start-ups like Airbnb and Uber.
The new operations should be placed only in communities that want them, and not close to New York City.
Websites like Airbnb that offer short-term rentals are making housing less affordable in big cities by restricting supply.
The court said Britain could not stop other European Union members from taxing securities trading — a tax the London financial community opposes.
Consumer prices rose at an annual rate of 0.7 percent, but continuing fears of deflation may keep pressure on the European Central Bank to act.
It may look as if Britain is trying to defend AstraZeneca from a hostile takeover by Pfizer, but in the end, market forces should be allowed to prevail.
The European Commission will announce a closely watched spring forecast on Monday updating predictions for growth, inflation, public finances and unemployment for the 28 member states of the European Union.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia pressed pause on Wednesday in what had begun to look like an inevitable march toward war in Ukraine, but world leaders questioned whether it was a feint.
Kesha Rogers, who says that President Obama should be impeached and Wall Street bankrupted, remains a factor in the Democratic primary runoff for the United States Senate.
Positive economic news is no guarantee of electoral success, partly because many middle-income Americans have not reaped the fruits of the recovery.
A court ruled that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra had abused her power in 2011. The decision was a victory for protesters who have sought to overthrow the government.
Schools are signing up to teach computer coding, which some view as a basic skill for today, and the tech industry-backed group Code.org is pushing basic coding even for the very young.
Democrats moved swiftly to frame the vote as an example of the gulf that exists between the two parties, saying the question is not just one of money, but of morality.
The automaker is trying to fend off a rising tide of class-action lawsuits stemming from its recall of 2.6 million cars because of a dangerously defective ignition switch that it now links to 13 deaths.
Nothing about the Ram ProMaster is designed for comfort, style or driving pleasure. But as a commercial vehicle it’s destined to become a familiar sight.
What you need to know to start your Friday: Merkel in Washington, U.S. jobs report on tap, and watching Apple-Samsung.
Short-sellers are branded as higher-risk borrowers, so new loans won’t come quickly or easily.
The ferry disaster has left the country reeling — and public trust in authority appears to have collapsed.
If America wants a durable nuclear deal with Iran, limiting uranium enrichment and centrifuges isn't enough.
Busy day? Catch up on the stories that grabbed our attention.
Home prices have fallen 10- to 40 percent since the recession, which, according to one agent, puts them “back to where they should be.”
Instead, the Kremlin used the results, which indicated overwhelming support for secession from Kiev, to press for some manner of negotiated autonomy.
Two contentious debates in the past weeks, the wrangling over Alstom and a row over the strength of the euro, underscored the breadth of the divide.
How environmentalism became a Marxist plot.
The former secretary of state said that many are struggling to enter, or stay in, the middle class.
A new book from the former Treasury secretary doesn’t resolve a big question about the financial crisis: How could such a huge regulatory army miss the economy’s buildup of risk?
From the town square to the virtual square the globe over, what happens after the protest march?
Real estate development in the Turkish city, fueled by cheap money and official encouragement, reminds some of what happened in Spain and Ireland.
Narendra Modi, the front-runner for prime minister, has a reputation in the state of Gujarat for brushing aside political and regulatory obstacles that stall construction in other parts of India.
The minimum would be set at $24.65 an hour in an effort to address inequalities.
The economy has probably been growing at a decent, but not extraordinary clip, for a considerable period of time.
The European Central Bank looks poised to try new ways to stimulate the economy, but the anticipated measures are unlikely to have a major impact.
The uneven nature of the recovery — between a group of strong countries in the north and a larger swath of weak nations in the southern rim — has made it difficult for the overall economy to gain momentum.
President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, in a letter, said that Ukraine’s gas debt had ballooned in the last month.
The president explains in an interview why the new E.P.A. rules on carbon are so pivotal.
Stone Fox Bride offers erotic, evocative wedding wear for millennial brides.
The World Bank now anticipates global growth of just 2.8 percent in 2014, down from its January estimate of a 3.2 percent expansion.
America’s shale gas could increase the power of U.S. manufacturing and challenge Russia’s reach.
Fifteen months into the pontificate of Pope Francis, the Roman Catholic bishops of the United States find themselves unsettled in ways large and small.
The frumpy Honda Fit has exceeded customer expectations for a budget-friendly subcompact, and the company has kept it that way with the redesigned 2015 model.
How to insure against the risks of investing in a college education? Allow student loan payments to rise and fall with the borrower’s income.
In her recent election campaign, Marine Le Pen portrayed mainstream politicians as corrupt. As if on cue, the main conservative party acknowledged using false invoices in 2012.
Luckily for the crew in TNT’s new series “The Last Ship,” television has been ending the world almost since the medium was invented. Here are some survival tips.
An orphanage in Ciudad Juárez found out just how tricky it could be to navigate the philanthropic world when 40 children with special needs were abruptly taken away last month.
A legacy of no significant legislation, no changes for the better in American life, no compromise with the majority of voters. It could have been worse.
There are many questions that need answering before the U.S. considers intervening.
The Central Bank has taken some steps, but they need to be matched by government actions if the economy is to recover.
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, who led the military takeover that ousted President Mohamed Morsi, formalized his grip on power but must now overcome economic dysfunction and political polarization.
At a peak moment of partisanship, we should stop to do a self-audit of our allegiances and assumptions.
A new manifesto from a group of reform conservatives is the most coherent and compelling policy agenda the American right has produced this century.
How is it that even a useful, job-creating government agency like the Export-Import Bank is ripe for attacking by the right?
Titles, fundamentally based on the sciences, as selected by the science editors from all adult nonfiction books reported to The New York Times for the month.
Money to replenish the Highway Trust Fund is also being sought by Finance Committee leaders to help smooth the passage of a broad rewrite of the tax code.
Jack Lew, the Treasury secretary, explains why — and how — he thinks the economy can grow more quickly.
As the second day of talks broke down, President Vladimir V. Putin urged officials in Kiev to accept Moscow’s latest price offer for natural gas imports.
Having unleashed the most destructive political impulses of his party, Eric Cantor finally fell victim to them.
State Senator Malcolm A. Smith is charged with taking part in a conspiracy to pass $60,000 in bribes to Daniel J. Halloran III, then a city councilman, and two Republican county leaders.
Tony Blair, the former British prime minister, remains defined by many for his steadfast support of President George W. Bush and the invasion of Iraq.
Speaking at Worcester Technical High School in Massachusetts, President Obama chided Republicans for thwarting the loan relief legislation.
New research suggests that tax evasion deepens inequality.
It is possible for a government that does not levy property taxes to lower them, but it can be complicated.
Another month of adding more than 200,000 jobs continues the longest such run since 2000, but it’s nowhere near a record.
Amnesia seemed to be in force as the House Financial Services Committee met this week for a hearing on “the dangers” of financial regulation.
A memoir from Timothy Geithner offers the chance to look back on the financial crisis and ask: Why didn’t the government do more to help homeowners?
A review of the controversy over issues a newspaper took with an influential book about economic inequality.
Consumer prices in the 18 nations of the euro zone rose at an annual rate of just 0.5 percent in May, further pressuring the European Central Bank to ease monetary policy.
The country’s leadership is offering incentives to begin and enlarge families, but experts say little will change while economic prospects are grim.
Facing discontent over her government’s preparations for the World Cup, President Dilma Rousseff defended the funding of new stadiums and said Brazilians planning to shun the event were a “small minority.”
Despite robust economic data, the central bank left its key interest rate at 0.5 percent and continued to hold 375 billion pounds in government bonds.
The Myanmar government has doubled down on its repression of Muslims and some scholars think it approaches genocide.
A capable, utilitarian crossover with more power than the base model, the XV Crosstrek Hybrid will not turn in impressive fuel-economy numbers.
Survey respondents see hosting the world’s most popular sporting event as using resources better spent on social issues such as health care, education and unemployment.
Military coups have played a huge role in weakening the country’s democracy and its economy.
We Chinese must fight Beijing's efforts to blot out memories of the 1989 crackdown.
Today’s helicopter parents could learn a lot from 19th-century child rearing.
A meeting this week in Brussels of Group of Seven leaders affords an opportunity to show leadership in curbing production of greenhouse gases, analysts said.
The involvement of managers underscores the growing complexity and unpredictability of labor relations in China.
Reformers are beginning to question the party’s free-market orthodoxy.
With a sweeping new policy for medical marijuana, Canada is aiming for a market of large-scale — and highly regulated — growers.
Mr. Lusinchi, who was president during economic and political crises from 1984 to 1989, gave his mistress a position of power in his government.
Argentina’s real estate market has slowed recently, with some agents attributing the downturn to political unrest and currency fluctuations.
Already growing in Britain, the American digital video distributor will face entrenched local competitors on the Continent — not to mention Amazon.
Leslie Ross is swapping her crammed Lower East Side studio, where she has spent years building bassoons and inventing unusual instruments, for a sprawling factory in Maine.
As public funding for the arts has fallen and further cuts seem likely, arts executives have displayed a kind of wartime spirit in finding new ways to raise money.
Europe’s voters send a message of dismay with the governing parties.
Extremist parties are eroding the center-left and center-right core of national and E.U. politics.
How Russia got just about everything wrong in Ukraine.
A Gallup poll of all 50 states found that Rhode Island was least appreciated by its own residents. Some residents think the economy and a history of corruption are still hindrances.
The 2014 Cadillac ELR is unique, beautiful, efficient, serenely comfortable and electronically avant-garde, but at $76,000, it’s also bracingly expensive.
Boko Haram is not the only problem desperate Nigerians are facing.
What you need to know to start your Thursday: a global fast food strike, considering an Internet fast lane, and a deadly viral outbreak.
When a family saves for future generations, it provides resources to finance capital investments, like the start-up of new businesses and the expansion of old ones.
The economists charged with making the determination say it’s unclear if the economy is expanding or merely taking a pause.
Big Food is unwittingly destroying its own market by pushing a diet that causes illness and death.
The near fatal beating of a Roma youth suspected of burglary by a gang on the outskirts of Paris has highlighted the tensions in France’s economic underclass.
The Obama administration has drawn up plans to escalate sanctions against Russia by targeting its financial, energy and defense industries.
The land of an economic “miracle” routinely leads the nation in worker fatalities while offering some of the weakest protections and hardest-to-obtain benefits in the country.
The story of Shanesha Taylor, a mother who had a job interview but was unable to find child care, shows the harsh realities of today’s economy.
The moves announced by the governor of the Bank of England would restrict large mortgage loans as a way to curb market distortions.
Mr. Henkel, a former business chief who was recently elected to the European Parliament, has joined a wave of popular discontent with the European Union.
The Treasury secretary, Jacob J. Lew, conceded that the loan modification program had helped fewer people than anticipated, but said that it made lenders behave better.
Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado is leading the Democrats’ efforts to thwart Republican plans to take control of the chamber in November.
The preliminary reading of a purchasing managers’ index for June rose to 50.8 points from a reading of 49.4 in May, and beating a forecast of 49.7.
A small group of “holdout” bondholders has used U.S. courts to hold Argentines ransom over their country’s 2001 default.
Boston Ballet’s season at the Koch Theater included works that show the troupe’s strengths and weaknesses.
Viktor Orban, the country’s prime minister, has been aggressive both politically and in the business world, and a new soccer stadium in his tiny hometown is testament to his rising ambitions.
The biggest prize in Wednesday’s balloting is the House of Representatives, where the results will bear directly on the presidential election in July.
China’s cabinet decided to continue the breaks for small and very small enterprises through 2016 and said it was considering significantly broadening them.
The proposals, which also would curb cellphone roaming fees, still have to be adopted by the next European Parliament and member states before becoming law.
Mr. Stein, who has been critical of the board’s stimulus campaign, will return to Harvard to preserve his tenured professorship.
The International Monetary Fund expects about 3 percent growth in the United States in 2014 after 1.9 percent growth in 2013.
The events taking place in eastern Ukraine are very similar to those that led up to Russia’s annexation of Crimea. Does the West have a response ready?
The effects won’t be known for years, but Democrats will need to remind voters that many millions are already benefiting from the Affordable Care Act.
The businesses charge a small fee, but still make money from teenagers who pick up their phones and then purchase goods.
Prices for apartments keep climbing, while more big resorts are set to open.
Comcast’s position that there will be no diminution of cable TV competition in its proposed takeover of Time Warner may be beside the point as Wednesday’s Senate hearing approaches.
“Civil War: The Untold Story,” a five-part PBS documentary, goes west a bit and lingers after the South’s surrender to reflect on postwar challenges.
The men and women who leave countries like Bangladesh and Sri Lanka to work abroad are not expendable.
With some of his appointments, President François Hollande appeared to be trying to satisfy leftist factions in his Socialist Party, but he seemed no closer to a coherent economic policy.
The president’s visit to Michigan is part of an effort that has seen most of the action on worker pay move to the states.
Washington has yet to announce a decision on a visa for Hamid Aboutalebi, a diplomat with links to the group behind the 1979 hostage crisis in Tehran.
The Energy Department forecast that a gallon of regular gasoline would cost $3.57 on average nationally, down a penny from last summer.
Facing a midterm election that is tilting against them, Democrats are trying to revive a gender advantage that has sustained them for a generation.
Organized crime groups, which many still view as mostly a southern Italian problem, have used their vast wealth to gain sway in both economic and government circles.
Relatives of Americans killed by terrorist attacks in Israel filed suit against Arab Bank and the case has provoked a split in the Obama administration that pits the State Department against the Treasury and Justice Departments.
This Crimean adventure may, like that of Nicholas I, end in humiliation for Russia.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is visiting China amid tit-for-tat maneuvering and territorial disputes between China and its East Asian neighbors.
With no chance that Congress will agree to a huge increase in so-called climate aid, a new study on the effects of climate change creates a diplomatic challenge for President Obama.
Human Rights Watch said that under pressure from China, the Nepalese government is repressing Tibetan refugees.
It will take a fortune just to open the doors of a full-scale casino resort in New York, starting with a $1 million nonrefundable application fee.
While the jobless rate ticked higher in France and set a record in Italy, it stood at 11.9 percent in the wider 18-nation currency bloc, unchanged from January’s revised figure.
The slowing Chinese economy and tensions with Russia were among the reasons for a disappointing first quarter in emerging-market funds. But some managers see opportunities.
A new book, “G.D.P.: A Brief but Affectionate History,” conveys a sophisticated understanding of the often-cited measure of the economy.
Once the breadbasket of the Soviet Union, the country is looking to agricultural production to help fix its economy and reduce its dependence on Russia.
Brazil and the United States should be natural allies. They are not.
Automotive grilles tend to get a lot of attention from designers, but they have lately been shifting their focus to the air intakes in the sides of the front bumpers.
China has become an important automotive market, and the Beijing auto show reflects that. More than 1,000 new models are expected to be on display during the show.
In a rare insight into the government’s thinking on the use of cyberweapons, the White House published a series of questions it asks in deciding when to make public the discovery of major flaws in computer security.
The extremes to which companies go to minimize their tax liability suggests it’s time for a new approach, one focusing on shareholders instead.
David Cameron and Ed Miliband have little in common with the American commander-in-chief. But any perception of proximity is valuable political currency.
A Queens resident with a spare bedroom has rented it out over the past 10 months to scores of guests, taking in almost $18,000.
The economic catastrophe of 2008 was the largest of its kind since the Depression. Who’s taking the fall?
The city’s climate attracts buyers from the United States, Canada and Europe, though the global real estate crisis has thinned their ranks.
The Israelis suggested that the Obama administration had agreed years ago that there could be absolutely no negotiations with any Palestinian government backed by Hamas.
The Fed’s policy wing is expected to cut another $10 billion from its monthly bond purchases, to $45 billion, ending the purchases this fall.
The plan to sell the first long-term bonds in four years is a symbolic turnaround for Greece, even if legions of jobless Greeks are not cheering.
A U.S.-backed deal to settle the crisis in eastern Ukraine fell flat but appeared to arrest, at least temporarily, the momentum of separatist unrest in the region.
Regardless of whether you agree with the Democrats or Republicans on health reform, it could have profound implications on the midterm elections.
Policy experts wonder whether the government and private businesses can control spending as the economy gets stronger and millions more Americans gain coverage.
The crisis of the past four years is opening the way for radical change in Greek politics.
The 40th anniversary of the Rubik’s cube is being celebrated with a $5 million exhibition at Liberty Science Center in Jersey City.
An underdog in the Heineken Cup, Munster faces the reigning champion Toulon in the semifinals on Sunday.
Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, a potential Republican contender for president, has steadily gained prominence assisted by his knack for recognizing and seizing political opportunities.
Prom looks now include vintage clothing and styles from the red carpet.
The European Commission said in a report on Friday that Greece had made enough progress to warrant disbursing 6.3 billion euros that had been held back.
The country’s return to global capital markets was met with enthusiasm, but its economic struggle is not over.
A top NATO commander said the satellite photographs showed a menacing force of Russian fighter jets and tanks, along with as many as 40,000 troops, near the border with Ukraine.
At Florida State, an accusation against a star athlete prompted neither immediate action, nor an in-depth inquiry, by the university or the Tallahassee Police Department. By the time local prosecutors got the case it was nearly a year old and missing important evidence.
The sedan is the company’s top-selling model and will come with a variety of engines, including a revised diesel.
In the fall of 2010, Jonno Rattman was a college sophomore. When he started feeling overwhelmed by the troubles of the world, he began taking pictures of New York after dark and found “a deep cacophony of lust and fear.”
The Mazda Miata appeared 25 years ago, favoring a poised chassis over sheer speed. The car established a man-machine connection few automobiles can match.
He’s practical and empathetic. The lesson? Pass the bread.
BMW, long a proponent of diesel engines, has come to see the plug-in hybrid as a smart solution to meeting fuel-economy mandates. Coming soon is the X5 eDrive.
Home prices in Queens have risen significantly. In some sense it isn’t the new Brooklyn so much as it has become the old Manhattan.
Modernized and more powerful versions of those classic muscle cars are unveiled in New York.
The 2014 Nissan Rogue gives the model a new look, an optional third-row seat and improved fuel economy.
Two-thirds of its citizens are under 35. Can the economy deliver them a future?
A credit bubble in fast-growing economies could burst, a report said, putting American mutual funds and other global investors in danger.
Fresh statistics on German trade show a sharp increase in imports from the euro zone and the broader European Union.
The updated Ghost Series II looks like a Rolls-Royce should: stately, poised and confident.
The Conservative-led coalition government hopes voters see the new growth as a vindication of austerity policies.
Declaring “NATO will protect every ally,” Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the secretary general, said the alliance would send more planes, ships and personnel to the region around Ukraine. 
The New York International Auto Show, which starts two days of press previews on Wednesday, promises dozens of new and updated models.
After a weekend of meetings, the White House was working on a list of new targets who would be barred from traveling to the U.S. or whose assets there would be frozen, officials said.
What you need to know to start your Tuesday: Passover security tightens, a cold spell descends, and Tax Freedom Day cometh.
Talk of a crisis in legal education risks pushing law schools into hasty and ill-considered reforms.
The Constitutional Court overturned a provision that gave the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan greater control over the judiciary.
Titles, fundamentally based on the sciences, as selected by the science editors from all adult nonfiction books reported to The New York Times for the month.
Old ideas are having a comeback in the new Gilded Age.
In a village in southwest Ukraine, the kids may know how to speak Russian, but they say they’d rather sing to Taylor Swift.
As the bank’s president, Mario Draghi, acknowledged to a group of experts that the euro zone might slide into deflation, good options are scarce.
Swiss voters on Sunday resoundingly rejected a proposed minimum wage that would have been the world’s highest.
The government saved Wall Street but left the real economy behind.
As the European Union nears agreement on a law for information privacy, some expect one nation’s regulators to enforce the rules throughout the union.
The German automaker plans to double its work force at the Washington State carbon fiber plant and invest $200 million in the factory, which runs on hydropower.
The move came as Democratic lawmakers debated how to handle the committee, calling it a “kangaroo court” and a “political stunt.”
Journalists at the left-wing French newspaper have revolted since new owners said they would eliminate the print edition and publish only on digital platforms.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel called on the international community “not to run to recognize” the new Palestinian government scheduled to be sworn in Monday, saying it rests on a terrorist organization.
If finance doesn't come from sources other than banks, Europe could be condemned to years of slow growth.
When President Obama visits Poland on Tuesday, he will find a nation still heavily pro-American, but where the focus has turned to the European Union.
In the elections for the European Parliament over the weekend, many traditional, centrist political parties lost ground to smaller or upstart parties from both sides of the spectrum.
Five years since the end of the recession, many states still haven’t returned to, or neared, their previous levels of unemployment.
Every team plays in distinct ways. To understand their style, one must learn a bit about each country’s history.
Britain's economy grows slightly more slowly than expected in the first three months of 2014, and as Sonia Legg reports the year-on-year rate was its fastest in more than six years.
Asia’s top three economies - China, Japan and India - will take the spotlight Friday with releases ranging from central bank minutes to inflation and industrial production. Sareena Dayaram reports.
With warnings to Russia over encroachments into eastern Ukraine, Sonia Legg looks at the impact the latest unrest could have on Russia's economy.
