A sinking economy and extensive corruption led to the removal of the president, but there is not a hint of political reform on the horizon.
Many new drivers quit early on days when their hourly wage is high but work longer when it is low, the opposite of what economic rationality would seem to dictate.
Lawmakers have criticized companies that avoid taxes by moving overseas. But they’re rallying to Apple’s defense after an E.U. demand for $14.5 billion in back taxes.
The decision by the European commissioner for competition ramps up trans-Atlantic tensions over how much companies with global operations should pay to countries where they do business.
Despite a last-minute court order allowing a demonstration, the police used violent means to disperse hundreds protesting against President Robert Mugabe.
The new president, Michel Temer, must navigate his own controversies and a quarrelsome Congress to lead Latin America’s largest nation out of a deepening fiscal crisis.
Citing an anti-gay-rights law it called “inconsistent” with the conference’s values, the league will relocate neutral site championships.
Exxon Mobil says it’s not possible to predict how climate change will affect its business. A bill in Congress says it shouldn’t be asked to.
The charges are the culmination of a long-running investigation into the Cuomo administration’s attempts to lure jobs and businesses to upstate New York’s limping economy.
Mr. Schultze spent most of his career working on national economic and fiscal policy, as a government economic adviser, university professor and research fellow.
The man who built a theater empire was frequently a producer of shows as well.
Brian McDonald, associate director of the High Point University Survey Research Center, and his staff poll North Carolina residents about various issues.
Hundreds of readers from across the Continent responded to our call to share their experiences as supporters of far-right parties.
Honda brings back its midsize pickup, a better-looking version than the previous model, but built more for suburbia than the rodeo.
China on Friday reported its second-quarter economic growth figures. The numbers are among the world’s most closely watched, but data from the country are notoriously questionable.
Mr. Corbyn faced a revolt by fellow Labour lawmakers after Britain’s June 23 referendum to leave the European Union.
That Britain would somehow reject the rational choice seems to have never occurred to investors worldwide, and now we see the consequences.
At an annual conference of central bankers, experts said that increased government spending, not just low rates, was needed to spur growth.
Maine’s governor and residents near the monument opposed making 87,500 acres of woodlands, donated by a founder of Burt’s Bees cosmetics, into a park.
Sales of new cars and light trucks may have fallen 2.5 percent in August; and the Fed, mulling an interest rate increase, has been watching hiring and unemployment data.
Putin is a role model, Clinton is dying and armed rebellion is justified, according to some on the right.
The Bolt EV by General Motors is a lower-priced electric car than the Tesla, and has similar features.
During a hedge fund conference, the billionaire investor Ray Dalio responded to media scrutiny of the $150 billion firm’s “unusual” workplace culture.
Although premiums haven’t risen significantly, workers’ deductibles and shares of those premiums are going up, the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation said.
Journalists were given a glimpse of the federal Plum Island Animal Disease Center off Long Island, which will be closed within the next decade. Officials are marketing the island to developers.
In Greenwich Village, skillfully updating classic dishes.
Heeding a threat of withdrawal by Donald J. Trump, the secretary general wants at least 55 countries to commit to the pact for at least the next four years.
Despite expectations not too many years ago that democracy would flourish around the world, the reality is much more mixed and complicated.
Limits on the equity ownership of commercial companies by banks reflects a longstanding principle of separating banking from commerce.
Opposition to proposed deals, and to perceived lower consumer standards, has united a coalition of churches, trade unions, intellectuals and left-wing parties.
The bank’s chief executive will be questioned over the creation of sham accounts and credit cards. And the Fed is expected to leave interest rates untouched.
Donald Trump’s plan for a Mexican border wall could decrease the United States population — and its economic potential.
Terrorism as the new normal, Hydra-headed conspiracy theories and the tightening race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
After a stroke at work, an employee at a venture-backed start-up learns to adjust his professional priorities and take a break from the daily sprint.
In Florida, Mrs. Clinton called for a more “inclusive economy” for a group of Americans who are too often “overlooked and undervalued.”
Hillary Clinton, Donald J. Trump and many economists support investing billions in the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, but paying for it won’t be simple.
As Michael Dell closes $67 billion merger, Meg Whitman sells off Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s software for $8.8 billion.
The New European was conceived as a short-term weekly offering in the wake of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, but it has been a surprise success.
Many residents of Delaware County, which last voted for a Democratic president in 1916, simply cannot imagine voting for either candidate.
While voters tell pollsters that the economy is their most important concern, the candidates are focusing on other issues, like changing demographics.
Donald J. Trump emphasized in his NBC interview that he did not necessarily endorse the political system Mr. Putin has erected, but respected the way Mr. Putin is perceived.
When Americans gloated about winning the Cold War, they opened a door for Russians’ resentment — and Putin’s tactics.
The stars of the Jazz in the Valley festival include the pianist Randy Weston and the drummer Jimmy Cobb.
The organization has acknowledged its role in an epidemic that has killed thousands. But it has much further to go to truly make amends.
Mr. Rajan, whose warnings preceded the global financial crisis, says low interest rates could trap world leaders in inaction.
Donald Trump’s first general election ad focused on immigration, and his new one, titled “Two Americas: Economy,” is about jobs.
Mrs. Clinton later said she had spoken too broadly, then doubled down on what she called Mr. Trump’s appeal to prejudice.
The central bank’s shift in strategy may bolster bank earnings and improve returns for insurers and pension funds.
Redfin, a Seattle company that considers itself a real estate and tech company, has challenged the conventions of both by hiring full-time agents.
The owners of a famous Bordeaux chateau let visitors create their own wines — part of a growing trend that marketers call “experiential luxury.”
A selected guide to jazz performances in New York City.
Peter Brook brings his follow-up to “Mahabharata” to the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
If George W. Bush eventually gets a more sympathetic hearing by history, as he hopes, it will not start with Jean Edward Smith’s new book.
Many turn to panning for black-market gold in the watery pits of mines, where mosquitoes infect them. Once they return home to recover, the disease spreads.
To breathe new life into its sales, the celebrated piano maker is promoting its instruments to China’s growing middle class both as a status symbol and an investment.
Hoping to bolster his chances against Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trump is vowing to abandon years of American efforts to ease the flow of capital and goods.
Ms. Ernst, of Iowa, served in the Army in Iraq and could help the presumptive Republican nominee attract women and ease concern about his lack of military experience.
The politician was known for his efforts as a pragmatic reformer of the Socialist Party and for his struggles with President François Mitterrand.
Giving a leg up to U.S. workers on the lower rungs of the labor ladder could be a cost-effective way to counter economic and political hopelessness.
The Atlantic alliance seems to have forgotten its purpose.
James E. Staley, the Barclays chief executive, has said that selling noncore businesses was a key to unlocking the bank’s earnings potential.
What is wrong with little old “you” and “me”? They are words too short and plain for the British hospitality industry.
Comparing a company’s growth in earnings per share, which can be raised by buying back stock, with its net profit growth can paint a more accurate picture of performance over time.
Protesters in a repressive nation focus on issues like land use and the governing party’s stranglehold on power.
While not comprehensive, the proposals are realistic, incremental and far better than Donald Trump’s vague plan.
On Night 3 of their convention, Democrats looked both backward and forward.
Bonds have risen sharply in value, and their yields have plummeted. That has made stock prices look cheap and dividends seem generous, driving up the market.
The city now joins other places where police killings highlighted simmering anger over the systemic problems that have so many black people feeling hopeless.
When you hear complaints about too much regulation, don’t forget to ask what harm that regulation may prevent.
Utility customers will pay to keep some upstate facilities operating as part of the Cuomo administration’s push to promote renewable energy sources.
African-Americans in Milwaukee worry that the elimination of a residency requirement for police officers will worsen a long-strained relationship with the community.
Rare whiskies are proving to be a savvy investment, with prices rising at auction and a robust international market.
The 13-member team includes several billionaire bankers and investment managers, but no women and few economists.
Silicon Valley has brought its wrecking ball to haute cuisine, and the results are not pretty.
Signatures are due Monday to put proposals on Colorado’s ballot that would restrict hydraulic fracturing; and attention turns to earnings at Valeant, Disney and Macy’s.
A breakdown of the changes that were required under the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014, and how some have faltered.
Ballot measures would seek local control over oil and gas operations and prohibit hydraulic fracturing near buildings, waterways and public space.
There was some worry, but not enough to dim the party atmosphere. Said one man: “Maybe it’s only a problem if there’s a big swarm. I’m pretty chill.”
The problems that cities face in hosting the Olympics, like being left with immediately obsolete venues, call for organizers to develop a more sustainable approach.
Several senators in tough re-election fights are focusing on local issues, trying to avoid guilt by association with their party’s presumptive presidential nominee.
The pact has few friends left in Washington, but America’s Asian allies may see backing off as a betrayal of Washington’s commitment to the region.
After a quarter-century in politics, Hillary Clinton is known for a host of positive qualities, and is criticized as often for embodying the opposite.
Unlike the public, economists seem more concerned about the size of the pie than whether everyone gets a slice.
A refresher course on the ins and outs of the show’s first season.
More responsiveness and foresight on issues like immigration will probably be needed to head off other drastic outcomes like “Brexit.”
Troubled by low returns and high expense ratios, investors are fleeing the struggling asset class. But portfolio managers say the worries could be overblown.
Differences over trade policies have led to an acrimonious relationship between the business association and the presumptive Republican nominee.
The Italian government wants to spend $45 billion to prop up banks laden with bad loans. That could increase the strain caused by “Brexit.”
A unanimous vote in June to keep rates steady was a result of confusion, rather than consensus.
The start-up plans to use mobile technology to make Brazil’s trucking industry more efficient.
The survey, from Suffolk University, finds that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton each have the support of 44 percent of likely Ohio voters.
If the Silicon Valley tycoon shares anything with Donald Trump, it is a disappointment with small politics — and small people.
If the former president returns to the White House as a presidential spouse, he will be novel in many ways — especially in his well-documented flaws.
In a speech just before she became Britain’s prime minister, she called for more protectionism, a greater say for workers and limits on C.E.O. pay.
The 67-year-old hard-left politician beat back a challenge by members of Parliament with increased support from the party’s rank and file.
The civil fraud trial of Maurice R. Greenberg, who once led A.I.G., continues; and John Stumpf, head of Wells Fargo, has been invited to testify before a House committee.
The competition inquiry came after several politicians raised concerns that the deal would stifle competition in European financial markets.
Opponents of the law say it will do little to achieve its goal of preserving Germany's cultural heritage and could damage it by limiting public viewing of works.
In their first debate, the two candidates’ stage styles served as campaign arguments in themselves.
The reductions affect a wide range of government employees, from ministers, whose pay was cut by 20 percent, to civil servants, whose overtime pay and vacation time will face new limits.
An array of experts rejected Donald Trump’s accusations that Janet Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman, is holding down interest rates for political reasons.
The accounting firm KPMG found that a majority of British chief executives had considered moving part or all of their businesses since the June 23 referendum.
Hillary Clinton’s odds of winning the election rose from around 63 percent in the minutes before the debate started to 69 percent by the end.
The International Monetary Fund leader, Christine Lagarde, said in a speech that an increase in protectionist trade measures would hurt American workers.
Various forces are trying to push down the value of the Chinese currency. But Beijing — in a reversal of previous policies — is trying to shore it up.
But experts said the Republican nominee’s plan won’t work, because natural gas fracking is the surest way to stymie coal production, and vice versa.
A move by Bosnian Serbs to defy the country’s constitutional court in a disagreement over a Serbian holiday could be a pretext for an independence declaration, some observers fear.
The Mayor’s Office of Media and Entertainment will create the fund, administered over five years, to help with projects “by, for, or about women.”
An analysis of financial markets during the debate last Monday suggests stocks would lose 10 to 12 percent of their value if Donald Trump won the election.
Experiments like one in Bangalore, luring migrants to fill factory jobs, collide with an old way of life that keeps women and girls in seclusion until an arranged marriage.
Why women look mad when men look serious.
Governments must create the conditions to encourage private investment in clean technologies and sustainable development.
In a speech in New York, Mr. Trump offered few details about how he would pay for his ambitious agenda, beyond requiring allies to shoulder American military costs.
Clinton and Trump never stop talking about decent jobs, but maybe that’s beside the point.
Russia appears to have returned full circle to a pseudo-parliament whose only function is to give a semblance of legitimacy to an authoritarian ruler.
Andy Hall was sentenced to three years in prison in connection with his work on a report that accused a Thai company of violating its workers’ rights.
Good jobs, affordable housing and a focus on communities in need.
Liberating Iraq’s second largest city from the Islamic State will require more than air power and Shiite militias.
Voters considering Gary Johnson or Jill Stein may want to delve deeper into their views.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Mrs. Clinton appeared in Greensboro, N.C., three days after she nearly collapsed at a World Trade Center memorial service.
With debit cards rather than bagged food, refugees buy their produce, live in more dignity, and raise less resentment among their Lebanese neighbors.
The Obama administration’s policy has failed to halt Pyongyang’s nuclear program. But the next White House still has a chance.
A House committee has approved legislation that calls for changes to Dodd-Frank and that would repeal a rule seeking to prevent banks from making risky bets with their own money.
Disputes abound over who is going to foot the bill over a series of issues: public infrastructure, public pensions and luxury real estate in Manhattan.
The Affordable Care Act has accomplished a lot, but too many people are still left out.
With millions descending on the national parks each year, the tension between access and preservation becomes more strained.
Americans are feeling richer and spending more money, but weak productivity growth is a grave threat.
The potential for intolerance lies in the logic of religions like Christianity and Islam that claim to be based on a divine revelation.
The drop in marriage stems in part from China’s aging population, but also reflects that women who once were pushed to wed are exploring new options.
The accusations, of child sexual assault, date back four decades, a top police official said, confirming a report by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Wary of Muslim immigrants after attacks in Europe, South Korea lets 670 Syrians stay only on annual visas, limiting their ability to find jobs and barring them from benefits.
More than 10,000 Indians have recently lost their jobs in Saudi Arabia, and many are stranded there after a steep drop in the price of oil.
Desperate for yield, big investors are scooping up stocks and bonds in nations like Turkey and Brazil, ignoring political and economic perils.
The party is cautiously discussing how a wide margin of victory, driven by a record turnout among minority voters, could help stop Donald J. Trump entirely.
Mr. Buffett, in Omaha with Mrs. Clinton, unleashed a withering attack on Mr. Trump for refusing to release his tax returns and for misleading voters about his success as a businessman.
More than eight years after rotten loans and plunging home values made Las Vegas the center of the housing crisis, thousands of people have yet to recover.
Clinton aides are addressing a potentially thorny problem: Historically, when Mr. Clinton has time on his hands, he can create dangerous distractions for his wife.
Catching trout and finding just a little religion in fly-fishing heaven.
Concern about crime is concentrated among Donald Trump’s base of non-college whites; it’s not clear the issue has broad appeal.
The former mayor of New York City, who chose not to run for president this year, will back Mrs. Clinton in a speech at the Democratic convention.
And what it says is to invest in the future.
Britain’s vote to leave the European Union has led to intense soul-searching for the country’s cultural establishment.
States dominated by Democrats are generally better for your well-being.
No one is quite sure if Ms. May, the next British prime minister, can successfully balance the nation’s economic and political needs with the exit from the European Union.
Laurence Fink blew $100 million in 1986. Since then, as chief of BlackRock, he has built his firm into the world’s largest asset manager and changed the balance of power on Wall Street.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
The new data undercuts Republican arguments that the recovery is faltering and suggests that workers are seeing benefits from the drop in unemployment.
The two men at the top of the Republican ticket agree on many subjects and policy positions, but have differed on Muslim immigration, gay rights and the Iraq war.
Donald Trump’s embrace of economic policies that are anathema to members of the Business Roundtable is seen as a betrayal of bedrock Republican principles.
Climate change is threatening the livelihoods of the people of tiny Kiribati, and even the island nation’s existence. The government is making plans for the island’s demise.
Far too many student-parents drop out, cutting them off from good jobs.
Vail Resorts is being viewed as a test case by other ski resorts that may be considering summer programs beyond hiking and mountain biking.
Can Rio pull off the Games with only weeks to go?
The sun never sets on a stupid idea. Britain is cracking up now because it followed the crackpots. The U.S. could make the same mistake.
Students at a Seattle coding school for women are somewhat optimistic about tech’s promise, but share a generation’s skepticism that the days ahead will be better.
The singer is going all out for the election of Hillary Clinton and is bringing her 3.1 million Twitter followers along for the ride.
Curators at the New Museum have created an exhibit with over 4,000 objects that examines the various ways we collect and own items.
As jobs become less office-dependent, it can be tricky for couples who mix business and cohabitation.
Italian lenders have continued to lend to inert companies, racking up bad loans of over $400 billion.
Technology has helped make them more sustainable than at any time in history.
Mariano Rajoy, Spain’s caretaker prime minister, failed to win parliamentary backing to form a new government, making another national election likely.
Economists are calling for more fiscal stimulus and higher wages, but officials must act on those recommendations.
President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China formally committed to the Paris climate agreement at a time of increasingly discordant relations between their nations.
His campaign sees a path to victory that runs through Mexico, but a look at New Hampshire tells us more about his chances on Election Day.
Does his country really want a divisive arsonist fighting its fires?
The new president faces the tough task of restoring Brazilians’ faith in their scandal-plagued political class.
Independents, now a plurality of American voters, have no convention to call their own. So I went online looking for a party hookup.
The hotly contested law, which would ease rules for firing, hiring and setting work hours, has split President François Hollande’s Socialist party and prompted months of angry protests.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the coup plotters would “pay a heavy price.” The prime minister said 265 people had been killed and more than 2,800 military personnel had been detained.
The Ohio senator lobbied for Cleveland to host his party this summer. Now he is steering clear of official proceedings.
American voters should learn from Turkey’s experience with an out-of-control leader.
Who said it couldn’t happen here? Rising to the top of the Republican ticket, Trump has activated forces on the political right that cannot be deactivated.
Why well-off black families end up living in poorer areas than white families with similar or even lower incomes.
The practice of depleting the forest for precious fuel during hard times has been taking a toll at taps in the capital city, Lilongwe.
America needs to improve its standing against China. But trade agreements won’t do the job.
As the anniversary of Greece’s bailout deal approaches, memoirs and essays about that nation’s economic crisis abound.
The count has long been long viewed as a measure of China’s rising global power, and an uneven showing in the Rio Games has smarted.
It is possible to live in a world of data but no facts.
This win-win helps to raise earnings now and increase productivity over the long term while enriching the lives of children.
Exploring the app’s geolocation tags can transform it into an innovative and frenetic sort of tourism map — one tailored just for you.
Millennials are in the mood to buy, and homebuilders are starting to produce more of the starter houses they demand.
The main reason the bull market hasn’t been widely celebrated may be because it followed one of the worst declines in stock market history.
She’s winning white moderate conservatives — just as Nixon did in the 1960s.
A Federal Reserve Bank of New York analysis suggests this may signal a turnabout in a long but lackluster economic recovery.
Has something fundamental shifted? Amid uncertainty, the Fed affirmed the status quo.
Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha, the junta chief and prime minister, hinted that the bombers were “bad people” opposed to a new Constitution.
Life in Russia today is more similar to life in the U.S.S.R. than at any point since the failed coup of 1991.
Despite aggressive monetary policies under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, the second-quarter G.D.P. figure showed fitful growth.
Relatives of Hun Sen have acquired shares in companies in nearly every sector of the economy, the human rights group Global Witness says.
Long on promises and short on details, investments known as wealth management products have drawn a flood of money — and pose a big risk.
Indifference and insults from Washington have left us no better off than a powerless colony.
Thousands of residents of a rural county protested its selection as the site of the so-called Thaad system, which China has also bitterly opposed.
Welcome to California Today, a morning update on the stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state).
By 2031 you may well have switched political parties.
A government ad campaign aimed at tackling Italy’s low birthrate was swiftly abandoned after it was widely deemed offensive.
Three years ago, the G.O.P.-led House was close to reaching a compromise on immigration — one that might have neutralized the issue for the 2016 election. This is the inside story of what went wrong.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The firing of Sergei B. Ivanov was the latest in a series that has ushered out an older layer of Putin allies and replaced them with younger loyalists.
