In a rare joint session of legislators, the president cast himself as the agent of change that the country wanted and its rampart against a newly uncertain world order.
The president calls the Iran nuclear deal an “embarrassment,” but ending it would destroy his credibility in any talks over North Korea’s arsenal.
Roma and Condesa were hit hard by the big 1985 quake and took years to rebound. Then came the devastation from the Tuesday earthquake.
Our weekly look for and about Canadians, Canada Letter, explores medical wait times, visits the Yukon and remembers a political mastermind.
At a G-20 summit meeting marred by violent protests, 19 other member states broke decisively with President Trump, in a victory for Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany.
Martin Walker shares the wines and food of the Périgord region, which inspired the fictional world of Bruno Courrèges, his small-town French police chief.
As the election enters the homestretch, campaign donors who might want to give more than the legal limit find they can send money to national groups, which can send it right back.
The untitled, previously unknown work was written by the famous author when he was 10 years old.
Critics of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy say he has overreached in dealing with Catalan separatists.
Our weekly look for and about Canadians reviews the latest trade tussle between Canada and the United States and previews a Broadway show with Canadian input.
Speaking to the National Association of Manufacturers, the president said that under his leadership “the era of economic surrender is over.”
An influential six-term senator from New Mexico, Mr. Domenici was a plain-spoken master of budget, tax and nuclear power issues.
The museum is searching for a director. Maybe it’s time for a woman to assume control.
The efforts in recent years to broaden the obligation of military service have underscored the country’s deep social divisions.
Gov. Sam Brownback has accepted a job with the Trump administration. His departure will be an anticlimactic turn for a man who once had presidential aspirations.
A town’s biggest employer helps save the local school, and there is an influx of would-be immigrants at the border south of Montreal.
The kingdom has arrested 16 people — including clerics, scholars and a prince — and it is not clear if they have been charged.
When workers still need help, the Fed is focusing on the wrong problem.
One-stop shops to print and frame your digital travel photos without the hassle, and at prices that won’t bust your budget.
While Theresa May’s government hopes to move swiftly toward a post-Brexit trade accord, Brussels insists that other issues must be resolved first.
The first major hurricane to make landfall in the United States since 2005 caused flooding over a vast area, and officials were scrambling to assess the damage.
At a conference where economic policy makers usually discuss how to fuel growth, they instead worried about threats from protectionism, deregulation and the debt ceiling.
As talks on Brexit intensify, Mrs. May is seeking to reassert authority over her feuding Conservative Party, but the odds are stacked against her.
Ms. Ford, whose works included “The Playhouse” and “Monkey Bay,” found her stories in ordinary lives.
After two years of sniping (and worse) from critics, Chris Dercon has finally taken the helm of Berlin’s Volksbühne theater.
The number of problem gamblers has risen by 50 percent in recent years, and campaigners blame a machine that is unique to British betting shops.
Despite widespread support for the criminal case to move forward, Brazilian lawmakers voted to spare President Michel Temer from standing trial on corruption charges.
A visit by Energy Secretary Rick Perry to a West Virginia laboratory whose budget he would cut highlighted the contradictions in the administration’s policies.
How an engineering professor who “flunked my way” through high school math and science went on to create the world’s most popular online course.
A World Bank-sponsored study found that wealthy countries Finland, Saudi Arabia and the United States and poor nations Eritrea, Pakistan and Tanzania had gone through assessments.
“Who the hell wants to speak about politics when I’m in front of the Boy Scouts?” the president asked in West Virginia. As it turns out, he did.
A construction mishap severed a transmission line that brings electricity to Hatteras and Ocracoke, N.C., prompting officials to order evacuations.
On a day of civil unrest, many Venezuelans didn’t vote and nations across the region rejected the predetermined result of President Nicolás Maduro’s effort to rewrite the Constitution.
Although the countries joined the European Union in 2004 on a wave of enthusiasm, their governments are now loud critics. Polish and Hungarian readers shared their views.
France’s new young president, an untested centrist, is seeing his support quickly evaporate as he angers and alienates the left and the right, according to polls.
A sense of place, and a place to sell, are suddenly important in the beer world. So contract, or “gypsy,” brewers are putting down roots.
As early as 1987, Professor Goldman painted a grim picture of the consequences of perestroika and glasnost.
To participate, just post a comment here by Aug. 4 at 7 a.m. Eastern. This week’s winners will be announced on Aug. 15.
Books by former Dallas police chief David O. Brown and the law professor Paul Butler, and a collection edited by Angela J. Davis, call for transformation of the system.
In “The New Education,” Cathy N. Davidson argues that colleges must do more to adjust to social and economic realities.
“Why Poetry,” by Matthew Zapruder, and “Poetry Will Save Your Life,” by Jill Bialosky, attempt to explain what readers can get out of verse.
The pioneering programmer discusses her career and the dangers the internet poses to culture, privacy and civility in “Life in Code.”
Near-empty villages try to hold on to an endangered way of life — and some of the country’s most important artisanal traditions.
As islanders wait for doctors, medicine, fuel and manpower to rebuild, the economic toll from the storms is only starting to come to light.
Political fragmentation and populism in Germany will make it harder for Angela Merkel to pair with President Emmanuel Macron of France to revitalize Europe.
Senate Republicans are pressing ahead with a plan to cut taxes by up to $1.5 trillion, and those worried about the deficit have little company.
A Republican champion of the coal industry, he delivered for his Scranton-area constituents and survived ethics charges, of which he was acquitted.
Hurricane Maria’s barrage took out entire plantations and destroyed crops and livestock across the island. The storm knocked out about 80 percent of its crops.
A dam in northwestern Puerto Rico suffered structural damage on Friday, the governor said at a news conference, prompting evacuations of areas nearby in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
On Thursday, Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, called for the disbanding of President Trump’s “election integrity” panel, the latest response to racial violence.
If Jeremy Corbyn’s party is ever to get back in power, it has to win over its lost workers.
Even in a runaway and deadly epidemic, architecture can become an important element of a cure.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
A French philosopher looked at power struggles. Understanding his thinking might also provide some insight into President Trump.
Britain can make a virtue of necessity of its postelection political stalemate and do what it does best: muddle through.
The bill that appears to have died in the Senate was unpopular for good reasons. Congress must now look for bipartisan solutions.
Washington is in denial, but California and nine Northeastern states are forging ahead.
The restrictions on trading and sales of Venezuelan debt could increase the likelihood that the government defaults at year’s end.
As early as March, officials said, some of the roughly 800,000 beneficiaries of the program could become eligible for deportation.
Caught between rampant development and NIMBYism.
Americans can’t afford to move to the cities with strong job markets like New York, San Francisco and Boston.
The agency is too important to treat like a reality TV show. People’s lives and our country’s resources are at stake.
With Florida’s governor warning that Hurricane Irma will be stronger than Andrew, here’s a refresher on that powerful storm.
Mr. Putin denied Russian interference, and the leaders did not dwell on the subject. The meeting lasted far longer than expected.
The president goes abroad, and his personas multiply.
Is the violence simply a horrendous crime problem, or is it an actual war?
The city’s critical institutions have been weakened by the Chinese Communist Party and Xi Jinping’s meddling.
If you’ve developed new malicious software to break into a bank, do you test it out on Wall Street or in a developing economy?
Thursday: The disruption of San Fernando Valley’s porn industry, a Sacramento County sheriff’s deputy is killed, and Los Angeles drops Columbus Day.
Why are the people safest from the vagaries of nature the most fearful of them?
Homes sales are starting to pick up following the energy sector crash of 2014, but prices are still low and there are few international buyers.
Free-market boosters, including Betsy DeVos, promised that a radical expansion of charter schools would fix the stark inequalities in the state’s education system. The results in the classrooms are far more complicated.
Even before the water recedes, there are lessons to consider, including about flood mitigation and the reality of climate change.
President Trump has reason to worry about China, but he should seek areas of agreement with Beijing and enlist it in addressing global problems.
The president and his E.P.A. secretary miss a good opportunity for the nation by ignoring the threat of climate change.
But practical-minded utility executives are still shutting down coal-fired plants in favor of more affordable energy sources.
Moscow is in a unique position to help defuse the current crisis.
Crossrail is a megaproject meant to bind London together. But in the wake of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, it may signal the end of an ambitious era.
Fifty years after Martin Luther King campaigned for black economic equality, the difference in income between blacks and whites remains the same.
As part of the deal with the International Olympic Committee that was announced Monday, Paris will be awarded the 2024 Olympics.
Three words confront a particularly stubborn American delusion.
President Trump praises Russia and assaults the press.
But nobody ever admits being wrong about anything.
Malthus was right, and other themes.
Dalian Wanda, once one of China’s biggest real estate developers, is trying to reinvent itself as a slimmed-down operator of shopping malls.
The acquisition of Australia’s largest dairy was funded by loads of debt, the type of opaque deal-making that worries regulators around the world.
North Korea’s launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile has spurred the South to seek arms talks with the United States.
Conservationists worry that fishermen in an Indonesian village are no longer hunting whales for subsistence, which is legal, but for sale, which is not.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The modest conclusion underlines not just bureaucratic resistance to change, but the complex policy dilemmas facing the country.
As the Trump administration takes on Beijing over intellectual property, global trade rules could favor China.
In Unesco applications, the neighbors are trying to formally tie Tibetan medicine, an ancient practice with a growing commercial value, to their national patrimonies.
Bringing the Miss Universe pageant to Moscow in 2013 provided the Trump family an entree into Russia and partners with Kremlin connections.
But Choe Sang-Hun, The New York Times’s Korea correspondent, wishes that his iPhone could record phone conversations.
Iran’s strategic location makes it a focus, and Chinese investments and entrepreneurs are pouring into the country.
Anbang bought a retirement home chain despite United States questions about the Chinese company’s murky ownership. With its chairman detained, some officials are worried.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
By forging ahead before the Group of 20 meeting, Europe and Japan threatened to isolate the United States in important industries.
Xi Jinping is known for acting boldly, but for all the grief Pyongyang and its nuclear tests have been causing him, his options are limited.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The story of an across-the-board elevation of women’s status under Mao contains crucial caveats.
China’s leader will not want to look weak in the face of American pressure. But a destabilizing war on the Korean Peninsula would be even less welcome.
The business empire’s sheer size, influence and importance to South Korea’s economy have helped its previous leaders avoid hefty prison terms.
The popularity of shared-use bikes has brought a wave of misbehavior, raising questions about social decay and the decline of decorum.
G.M., Ford and Volkswagen are increasingly working on new-energy vehicles in a country that is pressuring them to share trade secrets.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Because it reminds them of the United States.
I supported the president in dozens of articles, radio and TV appearances. I won’t do it any longer.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The University of California, Irvine, effectively expelled 499 incoming students to reduce enrollment. On Wednesday, it reinstated most of them.
He wanted to show his proficiency with guns and knives, but opponents recut government propaganda with scenes from an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.
Though still a religious symbol, phalluses have become a curio to peddle in all sizes and colors to the increasing number of visitors to this Himalayan kingdom.
As sanctions take effect, China is selling more goods to North Korea than it is buying, raising questions about Pyongyang’s potential cash needs.
The United States commerce secretary said China’s government needed to do more to allow foreign companies to operate freely and close the trade deficit.
The confluence of the latest North Korean detonation with a major appearance by President Xi Jinping of China was a message to Mr. Xi, analysts say.
Eco-friendly companies are boosting productivity with new means of production.
The posters were found as Chinese enrollment at schools in Australia grows and as the country confronts concerns about Chinese influence in its politics and economy.
Laws that restrict new construction from creating shadows on two of the city’s cherished public parks may be changed for a proposed 775-foot tower.
Dara Khosrowshahi said in an open letter that the ride-hailing service had “got things wrong.” The company will appeal a decision over its right to operate in London.
White House officials highlighted President Trump’s negotiations with the world’s largest contract electronics maker, to secure the project, which they said would represent a $10 billion investment.
The case focused on Google’s use of a subsidiary in Ireland. A court in Paris said the technology giant was not liable for the back taxes.
The incident threatens to strain relations between the two countries and demonstrates how energy has become a weapon in Russia’s struggle with Ukraine.
With a new funding round, the Southeast Asian ride-sharing company Grab is doubling down as Uber seeks new leadership.
Republicans are promising to stimulate investment and create jobs. But steps to undo tax dodges may not produce the intended economic lift.
As the administration renegotiates Nafta, a fan manufacturer in Kentucky worries that its business could be hurt by rising impediments to trade.
Nelson Peltz’s Trian has begun a proxy fight at the consumer products giant, the biggest yet waged by an activist shareholder.
The forcible removal of Dr. David Dao from a flight in April led to calls for a boycott of the carrier, but the airline did not take a financial hit in its quarterly report.
The Trump administration opened talks with Canada and Mexico on the North American Free Trade Agreement by asserting that the current deal had failed.
Many wonder if Gary D. Cohn’s and Steven Mnuchin’s real-world experience in finance has equipped them to carry out a delicate political negotiation.
Focusing on core competence and outsourcing the rest has made U.S. companies lean, nimble and productive. It has also left lots of people worse off.
A potential change to the London Stock Exchange’s rules could make a British listing for Saudi Aramco look more attractive.
Janet Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, said Friday that stronger financial regulations have benefited the economy and should be preserved.
If completed, a deal between two American allies would diminish the role of U.S. companies in those markets while rebuking President Trump’s policies.
Hospitality workers are finding that technology has its limits and are being encouraged to embrace their roles as ambassadors for their cities.
Uber’s new chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, said that an initial public offering wouldn’t come until 2019 at the earliest.
The SpaceX founder insists that he can ferry cargo into space and fly people anywhere in the world in less than an hour, and make money doing it.
Chancellor Angela Merkel’s message of strength has dominated the election campaign, but poverty, economic insecurity and income disparity have grown during her tenure.
The Trump administration blames China for the decline of aluminum production in the U.S. But where has it really gone?
With the tech industry’s increasing dominance, Jason Calacanis, a tech investor, offers a radical guide for prospering: betting on more of it.
The new duties on Bombardier, which will more than triple the price, come as Canadian and American negotiators clash at the Nafta table.
Amid it all, a handful of new designers are debuting collections. 
Investor jitters led to the United States stock market’s worst day in almost three weeks, but Asian markets were mostly unruffled.
Small-business owners, some of the most vocal opponents of the Affordable Care Act, are divided over Republican plans to reverse much of the law.
A federal judge sentenced a key player in a decade-long scheme to evade federal emissions rules. The term was stiffer than prosecutors recommended.
In truth, interpersonal skills like collaboration, communication and empathy are vital to career success in technology.
The sentencing of Lee Jae-yong to five years in prison for bribery and embezzlement may finally mean a true crackdown on South Korea’s conglomerates.
The Commerce Department’s report is a sign that the economy remains on track, with underlying growth in line with levels since the current recovery began.
Even as mergers have significantly reduced competition, airlines like Spirit and Frontier continue to play a role in moderating ticket costs.
An examination of the Trump administration’s deregulation teams has revealed a string of possible conflicts, including some appointees who may be reviewing rules their previous employers tried to weaken or kill.
After a long period of ignoring Washington upheaval, investors went on a selling spree after provocative remarks by President Trump and the North Korean government.
Troubled domestic manufacturers say cheap Chinese products have undercut their own, but industry groups are urging a trade panel to reject sanctions.
Sizzling corporate earnings reports, not the president’s deregulatory agenda, are fueling the bull market.
Corporate chiefs are more likely to shy away from giant mergers in favor of a greater number of smaller transactions.
A deal would give the Chinese auto industry a foothold abroad and help it become an industry force. But Fiat Chrysler said there had been no overtures.
The company’s acquisition of Whole Foods sets up a clash between two vastly different visions for the future of labor.
The Commerce Department’s revised estimate of the annual growth rate is below President Trump’s 4 percent target, but better than the first-quarter pace.
But experts say it is still an open question whether the South Korean manufacturing giant has a clear strategy to carry it into the future.
A diesel emissions crisis has put the spotlight on links between the auto industry — responsible for Germany’s most important export — and the country’s leaders.
With a government in turmoil, it may seem an unusual time to form a new hedge fund. But Adam Capital is off to a running start.
The son of a corporate chairman has been targeted by advanced spying technology bought by the Mexican government to combat terrorism and organized crime.
The Remote Area Medical Expedition drew more than 2,000 people when it set up its free clinic at a county fairground in Appalachia.
The chief brand officer of the ride-share company on diversity statistics and trusting brands.
Since the country’s near-death experience a decade ago, Kenyans live in fear of their society’s capacity for violence.
Europe can best reduce the flow of migrants by encouraging market economies on the continent.
Drinking remains a crime, but Alcoholics Anonymous is flourishing and dozens of private and government clinics have opened alcohol rehabilitation centers.
Art Berlin joins the popular Gallery Weekend as an opportunity for the art world’s international buyers to swoop in.
The first New York museum show devoted to the design maverick Ettore Sottsass lavishly contextualizes his work, from a red Olivetti typewriter to his role in the Memphis design group.
The venerable aircraft maker is the Dow’s top performer this year, buoyed by its own execution and forces beyond its control.
Three months after an infamous video, United Airlines’ earnings were surprisingly robust, perhaps proof that people ultimately shop for convenience and price.
American affiliates of solar equipment manufacturers try to counteract low import prices. Negotiations between the United States, Canada and Mexico are likely to be tense.
The carriers have a dress code, of sorts. And if you do dress up, will that help your chances of getting an upgrade? Maybe.
Ministers, state leaders and car company chiefs gathered for a summit meeting in an attempt to contain a crisis of confidence that threatens thousands of jobs.
With the major devastation in the area, it seems worth reminding companies about how generous local taxpayers have been in recent years.
“The Infidel and the Professor” illuminates the deep bond between the father of economics, an establishment man, and the radical skeptic David Hume.
An attempt to increase petroleum prices has been undermined. If the past is a guide, Disney could make a newsy announcement along with third-quarter results.
The new French president’s boldest initiative is a bid to overhaul French capitalism. Just one thing may stand in his way: 3,324 pages of regulations.
Nearly a decade after the beginning of the financial crisis, concerns are rising that markets may be headed for a hard fall.
Its lawyers say that United States laws offering rewards for exposing corporate misdeeds present a business opportunity.
The White House move to prevent the chip maker from selling itself to a Chinese-backed buyer may signal trouble for similar proposed takeovers.
The merger of Invitation Homes and Starwood Waypoint Homes would create one of the biggest institutional owners of single-family rentals, with 82,000 homes.
The country’s plans were undone by widespread graft, weak commodity prices and a naïveté over how to succeed in a competitive industry.
The lender, Prodigy Finance, said Monday that it had also secured a $200 million credit line from an undisclosed bank.
Crude from West Texas shale fields is increasingly making its way abroad as a pipeline system is expanded to take it to market through Corpus Christi.
Successful schools, analysts say, will increasingly be the ones that expand their programs to suit the changing needs of employers.
With perks like terrarium-building and bar crawls, a number of housing developments are accommodating young, single professionals eager to socialize.
On the East End of Long Island, the professionally planted and tended vegetable garden requires a different kind of green.
VF, the owner of North Face and Timberland, is acquiring the maker of apparel for workers in manufacturing and construction — industries the president has promised to revitalize.
In Indiana, President Trump began an intense push to slash taxes and salvage what is left of his foundering legislative agenda in Congress.
The union successfully lobbied to exclude vehicles over 10,000 pounds from legislation on self-driving vehicles. But it would be smarter to prepare haulers for a career shift.
The prospect of further interest rate increases, despite signs of economic softening, makes investors nervous. Yet the stock market has been buoyant.
President Trump highlighted stock market highs, low unemployment and never-before-seen growth and optimism. Here’s an assessment.
Mayor de Blasio ran on a platform of ending income inequality, and had no natural kinship to Wall Street. Four years later, little has changed.
Its move to hire HTC engineers is intended to improve competition with Apple and Samsung. But the tech giant’s previous foray into handset making did not go so well.
Millions in European Union farm subsidies that go to Britain’s rich and famous — including Queen Elizabeth II — could be excised after the country leaves the bloc.
Republicans and Democrats continue to disagree about how to overhaul the tax code. But investors don’t seem to care for now.
The City Council is following Europe’s example with a new department devoted to life after dark.
Our politicians, with their lackluster style, should look to Paris for an example of expert image management.
Two Americans have accused officers of raping them, an unsettling allegation for a city that relies on money spent by foreign students and reveres its Carabinieri police force.
Vast physical distances are becoming less limiting, bringing conveniences but perhaps eroding the state’s special identity.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
