Béji Caïd Essebsi was “a tightrope walker,” guiding a fledgling democracy. The initial transition after his death has been smooth, though conflict lies ahead.
In allowing the merger, the Justice Department is prioritizing corporate profits over the public interest.
The Cuban autocracy remains a nagging reminder of United States impotence in rooting out Communism.
President Trump’s inflammatory appeals to white working-class voters have not been matched by legislative accomplishments aimed at their financial well-being.
While other presidents have found ways to appeal to the resentments of white Americans with subtle and not-so-subtle appeals, none of them in modern times have done so as overtly as this one.
A long-defunct Cold War group has come back to life to warn of the dangers of China. They also risk triggering a new Red Scare.
As social media expands its cultural dominance, the people who can steer the online conversation will have an upper hand.
Turkish government and opposition parties need to work together to prevent the deepening of anti-immigrant talk and xenophobic Turkish nationalism.
The League party and Five Star Movement have been increasingly at odds, raising speculation that the coalition might collapse, forcing early elections.
The chancellor said the president’s “go back” comment ran counter to her impression of what had made America strong.
Han Kuo-yu, the mayor of Kaohsiung, favors closer ties with China, offering voters a stark contrast to President Tsai Ing-wen, who is often sharply critical of Beijing.
Battles have raged within the Trump administration over family separations, ICE raids and the president’s obsession with a wall. Together, they have remade homeland security.
Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado, called the move a victory for communities in the West. Others called it “a P.R. stunt.”
Congress must act to protect American citizens.
His spectacular acts of self-mutilation and vandalism have landed him in jail in both Russia and France — and blurred the lines among art, protest and crime.
Detailed measures needed to fully ensure public participation.
A proposed deepwater port could recast the former Soviet republic’s image. But not without the backing of Bidzina Ivanishvili, a billionaire and power broker.
Here’s what you need to know.
Turkey, whose purchase of a Russian missile system has created friction, called the Trump administration’s move a “mistake that will cause irreparable wounds in our strategic relations.”
Here’s what you need to know.
At the Mudfest competition, sport utilities as varied as the once-limitless sedan market showed that there’s a hauler or a crossover for everyone.
The 52 Places Traveler faces a travel nightmare getting out of Brazil — and so rewrites the itinerary, spends 40-plus hours in transit and lands in the perfect place to recover: Mexico’s Costalegre.
Online job boards and gig-economy apps have made it easier than ever to find temporary and short-term work in places you want to go.
In her valedictory speech Mrs. May attacked the “politics of winners and losers, of absolutes and of perpetual strife.” But critics says her leadership has stoked a growing Brexit crisis.
Skeptical House committee members said Facebook’s Libra plans could be a threat to central banks and aid tax evaders and drug dealers.
The ousted governor, Ricardo A. Rosselló, nominated a secretary of state to succeed him. But his confirmation by lawmakers is far from certain.
The small Caribbean country has survived hurricanes and global financial downturns thanks to its abundant beachfront real estate.
Facing campus closures and wide layoffs, university leaders are pleading with lawmakers to override the governor’s deep cuts to state support in a special session this week.
Tax cuts and tariffs have not caused a significant return of factory activity, data from the government and other sources show.
The country’s central bank guided the renminbi past another key point, suggesting Beijing could weaponize it if Trump imposes more tariffs.
President Trump has made no secret of his frustration that the United States dollar has strengthened against other currencies.
Here’s what you need to know.
The trade war is heading in a dangerous direction for the whole world.
The president cannot be absolved of responsibility for inciting the hatreds that led to El Paso.
Accused C.I.A. spies are said to have been gathering intelligence on oil sales, data that the Americans want and that Iran wants to keep secret.
Galleries abound due north of the city, showing Warhol, Basquiat and the talents of Arte Povera.
Beijing’s signals suggest it is ready to retaliate should the White House follow through on its new tariff threat, with potentially disruptive results.
The Chinese leader, Xi Jinping, wants to appear strong in the face of President Trump, even if it means enduring the economic fallout.
Here’s what you need to know.
Here’s what you need to know.
America goes after Huawei, and Chinese consumers rally to buy from the company.
In France, there are few takers for tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, despite one of Europe’s highest unemployment rates. Now, the industry is being pushed to burnish its allure.
For many Asian couples, the Greek island of Santorini has become the ultimate destination for pre-wedding photographs.
Trade war, Maduro, Cape Town: Here’s what you need to know.
But America has lost ground in market share, and Chinese visits are way down. Here’s what we know.
Can you find Croatia on a map? What else do you know about this European nation with about 4.2 million people?
Jerome Powell and the Federal Reserve must stand up to Trump. If they don’t, the American economy is heading for disaster.
Political nihilism is one of the president’s strongest weapons.
This word has appeared in 30 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year.
The protests on Friday were an early test of public reaction to Mrs. Lam’s four-point plan to ease the tensions that have plunged Hong Kong into crisis.
The ratings firm cited Beijing’s growing influence over the city, suggesting that the barriers separating their legal and financial systems were blurring.
Stocks rebounded as the United States and China scheduled further discussions, but there is little sign of tangible progress.
We are trapped between an erratic Trump, a dysfunctional Europe and an authoritarian China.
The strongest storm to reach the northwestern Bahamas, with wind gusts up to 220 m.p.h, Hurricane Dorian brings “devastating” conditions.
The imposition of currency controls is a remarkable about-face for Argentina’s president, who was elected on the promise of liberalizing the economy.
Here’s what we learned about a feminist message in a six-woman field.
A key index fell to its lowest level since January 2016 as production managers said President Trump’s trade war with China was straining supply chains.
Beijing declined to renew the credentials of a reporter who wrote about an investigation in Australia involving a cousin of China’s leader, Xi Jinping.
Beijing’s top trade negotiator is set to go to Washington in early October, after President Trump’s new penalties on Chinese goods are set to kick in. The S&P 500 rose on the news.
The standoff is upending the relationship between the world’s two largest economies.
A new wave of tariffs is about to hit companies, workers and consumers on both sides of the Pacific. But Beijing thinks it can endure.
A crisis decades in the making.
Fun-filled leisure biz booms in China as foreign, domestic labels vie for big money. 
Tyshawn Jones’s jaw-dropping athleticism has made him an icon. But is skateboarding big enough for someone like Tyshawn Jones?
Marie Arana’s original and learned account captures a region marked by greed, military might and religious fervor.
A Times reporter shares the naked truth about the tricky logistics of reporting out a story about German nudists.
After 22 people were killed at an El Paso store on Aug. 3, the nation’s largest retailer said it would stop selling ammunition for certain short barrel rifles and for all handguns.
A pathfinder in environmental economics who insisted on factoring in the worst-case scenarios of global warming.
 Here’s what you need to know.
Why do the president and many of his opponents act as though American political life is just another film noir?
Here’s what you need to know.
This word has appeared in eight articles on NYTimes.com in the past year.
A world of fire. A king of pop. A city on edge. A coastline with sea lions, surf and squiggly roads. And more.
Foreign firms shrug off concerns about slowdown, boost investments, expand big time. 
Polling suggests that worries about the health of the economic expansion cross party lines.
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
The president cited a national security law from 1977 that has never before been used to cut economic ties with a major power in a trade dispute.
Mr. Sanders rolled out a plan for organized labor as more than a dozen Democratic candidates pitched themselves to workers in Iowa.
How did our political life come to seem like a fable? And is there any hope on the horizon for something more grounded?
With a faltering economy, President Moon Jae-in has tapped into resentment of Japan that’s rooted in Tokyo’s colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula.
Etgar Keret, the writer of absurd, sad, funny and very short stories, grows up.
The Costes have opened an outpost on the region’s decidedly unglamorous coastline. But outside the confines of their high-design resort, a low-key charm beckons.
Behind the laughs in this new documentary about social-media stars lies an unsettling account of the Generation-Z influencer economy.
A lively reggae soundtrack and a Jamaican setting: It’s not “The Harder They Come” but Perry Henzell’s long-lost follow-up to it.
Writing about economics for The Times, Ben Casselman must report on warning signs in an economy with plenty to smile about.
Beijing’s August 2014 offer to allow general elections — if it chose the candidates — ignited the Umbrella Movement. Protesters were hoping to mark the anniversary on Saturday.
It has become painfully clear that we are more than just consumers and corporate shareholders.
Why did America listen to the people who thought we needed “more millionaires and more bankrupts?”
Why Eastern Germans are embracing the far right.
Climate change and man-made fires could set off a cycle of self-perpetuating deforestation, scientists warn.
A tension between preparing for bad outcomes and scaring the public.
Fed Chair Jerome H. Powell says the central bank will do what it can to sustain the expansion
China’s top officials still come to Mao’s favorite beach to make fateful decisions, but now, the general public also tries to squeeze into a spot on the sand, even if many avoid sunbathing.
The Washington governor and self-described climate candidate told us what it was like to achieve national recognition — after leaving the presidential race.
The president made inaccurate claims about planes, trade, automobiles, China and Iran during events with world leaders on Monday.
The problem goes much deeper than Trump or tariffs.
President Emmanuel Macron of France is trying to get the adversaries to meet. Like President Trump, President Hassan Rouhani set conditions for talks.
In an op-ed that drew a storm of criticism, the former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York hinted that the central bank could let the president’s trade war hurt his re-election chances.
As he undertakes his first foreign trip, Mr. Johnson needs American support for Brexit. But he also needs help from Berlin and Paris, where the president is regarded with suspicion.
Stocks fell to a fourth-straight weekly loss after Beijing vowed new tariffs on the U.S. and President Trump demanded that companies leave China.
Celebrities and even private tutors pay large sums of money to use emergency vehicles to escape traffic in one of world’s worst cities for traffic jams.
Also this week, how an economic downturn could affect climate change.
Jesse Ball, Rob Hart and Bob Proehl have all delivered tales that tweak our present-day fears and worries.
Buzzy artists (King Princess, Young M.A), enduring performers (Neil Young, Madonna) and musicians dabbling in fresh mediums (Tegan and Sara, Sturgill Simpson) are coming in the new season.
In “The Meritocracy Trap,” Daniel Markovits delivers a fierce indictment of a system he says is undermining democracy and making everyone miserable.
A class-action suit on behalf of drivers in federal court in California, filed on Wednesday, accused Uber of wrongly classifying drivers under the state’s employment test.
As the nation emerges from a lengthy economic slump, the bustling city of São Paulo is beginning to see sales and prices rebound.
The September album “Cristal” by Los Guachos, his multinational 11-piece big band, takes on tunes by the tango star Carlos Gardel, as well as Mr. Klein’s own compositions.
Mr. Bishop’s narrow victory over Dan McCready in a conservative district demonstrated warning signs for President Trump in 2020.
Thousands of enterprises are taking advantage of progressive policies. 
Big economic changes come when popular narratives mutate and spread, infecting the decisions of millions of people, the economist Robert J. Shiller says.
Why is the president so obsessed with party loyalty?
Beijing first vowed to retaliate against new tariffs, even after Trump postponed some of them, but then appeared to soften its stance.
The smart money thinks Trumponomics is a flop.
Plus, WeWork takes steps to go public, and investigations into the Jeffrey Epstein case continue.
Monday: The city could see close to two million more visitors than it did in 2018, according to the tourism marketing agency.
Here’s what you need to know.
The story of a mining project in Australia helps to explain why the world keeps burning coal despite the profound risk it poses to the future.
Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte won a confidence vote in the Senate for his coalition of the Five Star Movement and the Democratic Party, his second such success in two days.
Wednesday: Where there is, and isn’t, common ground on homelessness between California officials and the Trump administration. Also: A landmark bill to remake the gig economy passes.
Teachers at YogaWorks locations in New York City are seeking to unionize, in what would appear to be a first in the U.S.
When Tom Ford holds a show in a subway station, you know something is going on.
The vision of life after 65 for American workers has changed. So has what it takes to make it all happen.
From 2010 to 2017, Letcher County in Kentucky saw a greater shift in the gender balance of its labor force than almost any other county in the United States.
The annualized rate of 1.8 percent was down from the previous quarter but still higher than expected. Trade wars, uncertain global prospects and a new consumption tax remain on the horizon.
Arab citizens make up a sixth of the Israeli electorate. They could determine whether the prime minister is re-elected, but few voted in the last election.
Companies like Uber are hitting the turbulence of government regulation, worker resistance and labor market reality.
Political chaos and confrontation with the European Union over spending rules have reinforced what a finance professor calls the country’s “serial stagnation.”
New York Times reporters followed the exchanges and provided context around the candidates’ claims.
Carrie Lam’s administration is confident that it can weather further demonstrations, despite recent violent clashes and signs that the economy could suffer.
A loss to Chinese authoritarianism would set a frightening precedent for the world.
In a major speech, President Moon Jae-in urged Japan to stop using trade to address historical disputes and expressed hope that the two economies could cooperate.
Global markets, Brexit, Philadelphia shooting: Here’s what you need to know.
Congress has the authority to limit the president’s reckless endangerment of the economy.
Both men have overplayed their hand and are desperate to be seen as the winner in their trade war.
To save our country’s future, Democrats must abolish this arcane Senate rule.
A bet by investors that the future will be worse than the present.
President Trump made his most extensive comments yet on Hong Kong’s protest movement, and suggested that its fate be tied to a trade deal.
Here’s what you need to know.
Yields on United States government bonds fell, indicating lower expectations for growth and extending a drop that began as the trade war intensified.
Shares on Wall Street fell sharply after reports showed a slowdown in China and a contraction in Germany, partly reflecting the U.S. trade war’s impact.
The deal signals an end to eight months of popular protests, the ouster of a dictator and a bloody military-led crackdown.
A report from the House Oversight Committee disclosed new details of how Thomas Barrack, a close friend of the president’s, sought to employ his influence.
Experimenting with our coverage of the Democratic debates (since there are so many of them).
Stocks were heading higher before the president wrote on Twitter that he would raise tariffs on $300 billion of Chinese imports.
The effort to punish Israel has symbolic value for both sides — but its substance has lost all significance.
In Trump’s mind, it’s still 1989.
In 2019, simple proclamations of womanhood are more popular than ever. But what, exactly, do they achieve?
The aerospace giant experienced a 35 percent drop in sales for the quarter, largely because the troubled jetliner remains grounded after two deadly crashes.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
It began as a lark among childhood friends, one a California winemaker. It has become a cultural exploration and, maybe, hope for an ailing industry.
Uncertainty is a familiar part of Italian politics, and investors are already looking at what a new government could bring.
The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement aims to press Israel to change its policies toward the Palestinians. It has generated heated debate and much misinformation.
The economic woes afflicting the region’s biggest economy will drag down the region, despite growth in countries like Greece, Portugal and Spain, analysts say.
Some critics of the industry want to see the businesses broken up. Others would like to strengthen regulation of Silicon Valley. And there are shades of gray.
Fed officials were split in their decision over whether to cut rates and by how much.
ICE is not the SS or the Gestapo. But it has concerning similarities.
The nation’s ice creams are a colorful emblem of its bounty and diversity. Here are a dozen shops worth the fireworks.
As the changing climate melts Greenland's ice sheet, the runoff is filling its fjords with immense amounts of sand. Will the world want to buy some?
Conversations about our monuments, museums, screens and stages have the same blind spots as our political discourse.
Also this week, why you should talk about global warming
A rejection of what had been a consensus view of the relationship between the jobless rate and inflation.
The decision to pull the shoes, which came after the Nike brand ambassador Colin Kaepernick objected to the design, ignited debate on social media.
Let’s face it. It’s not a question you want to hear anyone asking about you.
The Texas tycoon’s case on trade anticipated Donald Trump’s arguments two decades later.
Federal Reserve officials were split over what to do when they meet this month. The central bank’s thinking will be clearer this week.
Germany’s top antitrust official is urging other countries to take on Facebook and its peers by attacking what the companies value most: data.
Why complicate things with unproven bleeding-edge tech? Jim Kerstetter, deputy tech editor, also shops local and stays away from Uber and Postmates.
As the country recovers from a flawed election, unidentified assailants are targeting political campaigners in a troubling echo of past crackdowns.
Older, whiter and more right-wing than average, Conservatives who will choose their party’s next leader are adamant about one thing: Brexit at any cost.
Survey sheds light on qualities of citizens behind the country’s rapid development and achievements. 
Turkey remains stuck in perilous proximity to economic crisis, as households and businesses defer spending and investment in the face of weak growth.
Moving from poverty to wealth from one generation to the next is least likely in the South, but optimism there is greatest, tinged with political views.
Investors expect even lower growth and inflation; this isn’t the way it’s supposed to work.
A new commission at the Park Avenue Armory confirms her unrivaled gaze on technology, politics and war.
Turkey’s purchase of the S-400 missile defense system could give Russian technicians access to technology in U.S. warplanes that Turkey wants to buy.
Swedes have long been willing to pay high taxes for a generous social safety net. But that willingness is being tested by an influx of refugees.
Plus, the Trump administration has a big job opening, and there’s a new technology tax.
Despite global turbulence, strife and a June price surge, gold remains far below its 2011 highs.
Presidential campaigns have a sound. We analyzed the playlists of 10 contenders to see how the songs aligned with the messages.
Hong Kong clashes continue.
Spy games in Iran.
Trade war shadows G7 summit.
Modi's show of force in Texas.
U.S. shoots down Iranian drone
India strips Kashmir's special status.
Boris Johnson's surprise Brexit move.
The delivery company dropped a policy that effectively meant tips were going to it rather than workers.
“Guts,” Raina Telgemeier’s warm, funny and realistic new graphic memoir, hits home for parents and children trying to climb out of the abyss of worry.
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have proposed taxing the fortunes of America’s richest.
India strips Kashmir's special status.
Boris Johnson's surprise Brexit move.
The delivery company dropped a policy that effectively meant tips were going to it rather than workers.
“Guts,” Raina Telgemeier’s warm, funny and realistic new graphic memoir, hits home for parents and children trying to climb out of the abyss of worry.
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have proposed taxing the fortunes of America’s richest.
In “Super Pumped,” Mike Isaac describes the incredible rise and fall of Travis Kalanick, the chief executive of the world’s most infamous ride-sharing app.
Saad Hariri did not make the payments while he was prime minister, South African court records show, but the revelation is likely to tarnish his image.
Plus, WeWork’s chief executive steps down.
The Swedish 16-year-old sailed across the Atlantic on an emissions-free yacht to speak at the U.N. Climate Action Summit next month.
Promising Brexit, the new Conservative Party leader will take over with less political clout than just about any prime minister since World War II.
