For a few fleeting moments earlier this year, it seemed as if the red carpet had magically changed course.
Australia’s cultural and creative heart is a tech boomtown. Here’s why the world should take notice.
The nation’s reds rival pricier French bottles, and exports from a small number of vineyards are starting to trickle into the U.S.
There are some traditions that are universal. Here, we highlight a single craft — and how it’s being adapted, rethought and remade for the 21st century.
Bailouts of bankers, shareholders and investors helped set them off on a rebound that Americans who rely on savings or income from their weekly paycheck have yet to see.
Pogba left Manchester United at the end of last season as a midfielder of lavish talent but mercurial effect. He returned as a World Cup winner. But did anything really change?
Pollen frozen in ice in the Alps traces Europe’s calamities, since the time Macbeth ruled Scotland. 
Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories.
The newest jobs numbers are expected to show healthy gains, and Detroit automakers will report sales for August.
As participants shift their focus to creating happiness rather than products, the festival approaches design with a nod toward “well-being.”
Ask after a “win.” Know what you want. And have a backup plan.
Hun Sen, the longtime prime minister, worked hard to control the election, even as he flouts the rules of democracy.
How YouTube family vlogs are remaking childhood itself to fit the algorithm. Episode 7 of our video series.
A 6.7 percent expansion rate comes amid signs that Beijing’s efforts to tame debt, the trade dispute with the U.S. and other problems are taking a toll.
European countries, considering how to handle a disruptive American president at the military alliance’s summit meeting, are caught between dependency and outrage.
Tariffs and other barriers will be the subject of forthcoming talks between the U.S. and the European Union. But the gun is still loaded, if pointed at the ground.
Leaders of opposition parties, who accused Mr. Erdogan of taking an authoritarian turn, refused to stand as the president of Turkey took his oath before Parliament.
Whether grand strategy or mere moment-to-moment impulse, President Trump’s brash treatment of European allies may do long-term damage.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan appears to be going down the same ill-fated path that was taken by the failed authoritarian leaders of Venezuela and Zimbabwe.
Pakistan has long been associated with terrorism and dysfunction. Mr. Khan, the presumed new leader, could alter the narrative.
Giuseppe Conte’s decision to continue pursuing a teaching position at a Rome university was only the latest episode in a bumpy few weeks for the governing coalition.
The new prime minister will have to overcome deep political divisions to pursue economic reforms as the country’s debt payments come due.
Andrés Manuel López Obrador won the presidency with vows to end Mexico’s culture of corruption and battle its high poverty and yawning inequality.
If the Senate’s moderate Republican women really want to send a message about women’s health, they can do better than a Supreme Court justice vote.
Let us count the ways.
Economists of many stripes say tariffs invite retaliation. Unilaterally lowering trade barriers would be a better approach, some say.
A hefty rise in payrolls last month points to an economy strong enough to draw people back into the labor force. Over all, 213,000 jobs were added.
Did you stay up to date this week?
Proposals for dealing with the impact of automation have been developed in the West, and may not translate effectively to poorer countries.
Investors were skeptical over the smartphone maker’s plans. Bigger offerings in coming months could show whether broader concerns were also a factor.
New York City financed the creation or preservation of 32,000 units of affordable housing last year, officials said, outstripping even totals seen under Mayor Ed Koch.
The ruling was the first time a court held the government financially culpable in a 2014 ferry sinking that killed 304 people, South Korea’s worst catastrophe in decades.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Zero Hour, the nationwide coalition behind Saturday’s youth marches in Washington and other cities, is hoping to inspire young people to step up and demand change.
Attracted by lax regulations, industrial agriculture has descended on a remote valley, depleting its aquifer — leaving many residents with no water at all.
An Ohio plant owner and his blue-collar workers alike voice support for President Trump’s tactics in the trade fight, even if it means sacrifice.
As Asian nations move away from the United States and its trade war with China, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce warned of fallout for American firms.
Government officials and business leaders say that homogeneity is limiting options in a state with an aging work force and stagnant population growth.
James Walvin’s “Sugar: The World Corrupted: From Slavery to Obesity” describes the problems with an all-too-familiar commodity.
Labor’s share of the pie is still crumbs. Is there a way for workers to regain some control over their lives?
United States Steel Corporation, which owns a plant in Granite City, Ill., credits President Trump’s tariffs with enabling it to start up two idled blast furnaces.
Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta, with a flush campaign fund and a raft of challengers, is likely to be re-elected, in part because violence could keep people from the polls.
Russia and China blocked an American request for disciplinary action to stop what the United States called illegal oil sales to North Korea.
A human rights group found that more than 40 million people worldwide are trapped in forced labor and sexual exploitation.
With the Scottish Open followed by the British Open, the golfing world turns its attention to links courses.
A recent City of Austin report identifying sites that honor Confederates also highlighted that the city itself was named for a man who fought efforts to abolish slavery.
The Treasury secretary floats a plan to hand $100 billion in capital gains tax savings to his moneyed friends. It’s almost certainly illegal. 
Readers respond to columns by Bret Stephens and David Leonhardt imagining the outcome of the next presidential election.
The president called himself “the most popular person in the history of the Republican Party” — a debunked claim — and took shots at his usual list of piñatas, boogeymen and political targets.
The New York City Council considers a package of bills to freeze the number of Uber-type cars on city streets. But that’s at best a partial answer to a systemic crisis. 
The death of a son of immigrants in Nantes set off a grim replay of images: burned-out cars, smashed bus shelters and shattered store fronts.
Turnout was high. Fears of fraud remain, but the violence and intimidation that marred previous campaigns have not returned.
Japan has spent decades building a facility to turn nuclear waste into nuclear fuel, but neighbors fear it has other plans for its plutonium.
In its stunning run to the soccer tournament final, the Croatian team has lifted a nation long troubled by economic stagnation and political deadlock.
Beijing’s retaliatory tariffs make American soy pricier. But the country’s huge demand for oil and animal feed makes it tough to stop importing overnight.
When the American ambassador encouraged Cameroon’s president, in office for 36 years, to think about his “legacy,” an uproar ensued over alleged interference from a foreign power.
Historical pictures underscore how summit meetings like the one between Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin in Helsinki have proved to be momentous occasions.
How much economic damage will global warming cause? It’s a tough calculation, and the answer, to a big extent, determines how easily the government can roll back environmental rules.
A pastor is resurrecting the Poor People’s Campaign, a movement started by Martin Luther King Jr. He sees the climate and environment as issues on par with poverty and racism.
Forty years ago, the Comme des Garçons designer began creating subversive, gender-bending clothes for men at a time when no one else was. She still is.
A policy analyst says they are “proud economic progressives.”
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Monday’s ruling declaring that the state’s congressional district map is unconstitutional has left candidates struggling to understand what comes next.
Surrey has long attracted affluent buyers with good schools, an easy commute to London and rural beauty. But recently the housing market has taken a hit.
North Korea’s leader wants to be a great economic reformer. Encouraging him is the best way forward on denuclearization.
President Maduro needs to go, but an American-backed coup is not the answer. 
The G.O.P. crowd who accepted the devil’s bargain is huge.
Why the slump went on so much longer than it should have.
Why is the administration so reluctant to block Tehran’s most dangerous regional gambit?
A nearly century-old bookstore in Germany is staying afloat by joining forces with the butcher, the baker … no word yet from the candlestick maker.
The country has unique challenges, but other emerging markets where big borrowing fueled rapid growth and strong returns could feel the pinch of a stronger dollar.
Turks are handling the economic crisis with ambivalence and humor. 
The country declared a day of national mourning as it struggled to come to terms with a tragedy that critics say could have been avoided.
Amid an economic slowdown and the trade war with the U.S., many Chinese consumers are cutting back. That could be bad news for the global economy.
Jerome H. Powell, the Federal Reserve chairman, says the central bank is moving carefully and is prepared to shift gears depending on economic data.
Ben Bernanke, Hank Paulson and Tim Geithner rescued the country from disaster, but their success had an unexpected price.
By pledging to cut its emissions in half by midcentury, China would propel itself into a world-leading role in the fight against global warming.
It’s HBO versus Netflix at the Emmys. Mario Draghi discusses eurozone banking supervision, and the Eni and Royal Dutch Shell corruption trial continues. 
Also this week, a Census Bureau report will give a snapshot of median household income, a climate summit is set for San Francisco and the European Central Bank meets.
Of late, Western democracy has concentrated rather than spread wealth, suggesting it serves injustice. But it is stubborn and adaptable.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
In the United States, pharmaceutical companies have built a system which supports high costs for H.I.V. drugs. But that may be starting to change.
Sometimes it seems as if we’re living under a constant barrage of heavy news. But it isn’t all bad out there.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Macroeconomics is better than you think, microeconomics worse, and data are limited
Political and technological disruption have fed off each other since the nation’s founding. Now they are dangerously out of whack. 
While President Xi Jinping remains firmly in charge, friction with the Trump administration and troubles at home have dented his political dominance.
Corporate boards could authorize companies to purchase $1 trillion of their own stock this year.
Beyond the technobabble and libertarian derp, what problem does this stuff solve?
Facebook’s earnings report sent tech stocks cratering. But don’t let that fool you: Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft are still on their way to dominating the future.
Administration officials contend that their plan to scrap Obama-era standards will save thousands of lives. We looked at their arguments.
A drone attack that failed to kill President Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela unfolded on live TV and in front of many witnesses: “It was like, bang, I had never heard a sound like that in my life.”
Pioneer, an experimental fund, is using the Silicon Valley model to find and nurture people who have talent but lack opportunity.
The City Council voted on Wednesday to cap Uber vehicles and other ride-hail services.
While American companies and consumers are paying the price for tariffs, China protects its factories and investors.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Being a huge nerd in Denmark.
Can a city known as a media, film and television capital also become a hub for creating video games? Tax subsidies would help.
The state’s rebuttal lays out a road map to California’s legal strategy against the federal government in coming months and years.
The comedian will play the boss of a Kansas City crime family in 1950.
Facing slowing sales, Samsung will introduce a new version of its Galaxy Note phone, and consumer prices are expected to edge up.
He wants to freeze fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards, thwarting progress on climate change.
The world came close to a solution for climate change 30 years ago but it dropped the ball.
Hua Qu is fighting to save her husband — one of at least seven U.S. captives in the Islamic Republic being used as pawns in a nearly 40-year secret history of hostage taking.
Long awash in money, the country’s start-up scene has seen an unprecedented downturn. That could be a bad sign for the rest of the Chinese economy.
The United States government once invested mightily to build the modern world. Now it has abdicated that role to a foreign rival.
Educators fear that the changes, which the Trump administration devised to curb intellectual property theft, will hinder innovation, intensify anti-Chinese aggressions and deter talented applicants.
Can vintage and salvage sellers bridge an economic divide?
Some critics say the National Energy Guarantee, which is meant to curb emissions while stabilizing the energy market, does not do enough to fight climate change.
The president holds chummy meetings with Vladimir Putin, while his administration imposes new sanctions.
In a city where power, gender and technology converge, artists ask hard questions about diversity.
Both North Korea and South Korea want to start the process toward a peace treaty in the decades-long war, but Washington is standing in the way.
Modern economies alternate between booms and recessions for reasons that are imperfectly understood and generally outside a president’s control.
Both presidents have had trouble turning better times into higher approval ratings. But this time the challenge is in the hands of a salesman.
All of the weddings right here on one handy page for you.
Thousands of Venezuelans fleeing insecurity at home are pouring into Ecuador every day, prompting a state of emergency there.
The April election will be a rematch of the contentious 2014 race, and some analysts expect more smear campaigns and appeals to sectarian sentiment.
A housing report may show weakness in the real estate market, and investors will be looking at the strength of Walmart’s online efforts. 
The article is a notable rebuke by a family member to Mr. Miller, who is one of the most fervent public defenders of President Trump’s immigration policies.
The chief executive of the world’s largest fund manager warned that a sustained trade war could cause markets to tumble.
Uncertainty around trade poses a threat to economic growth, and we should not underestimate the risks.
Though Senator Dianne Feinstein trounced Kevin de León in a primary, they will still face off in November, after party leaders endorsed Mr. de León, reflecting the power of liberal activists.
The tariffs in effect will take a modest bite from most American consumers; the risk is greater for the producers.
At least 136 politicians have been assassinated in Mexico since last fall. “You have to be a little crazy to run for office here,” a party official said.
Across the region, voters have ousted governing parties as a growing middle class demands more of its leaders.
Even as local papers struggle financially and sometimes make editorial decisions that alienate readers, many still have deep ties with their communities. 
The new president established an almost religious bond with the Mexican people, which will prompt a new epoch.
Sunday’s vote will be a referendum on rampant violence and corruption in hopes that new leadership can guide the nation out of its frustrating stasis.
No end of cash and effort is spent trying to divine Americans’ emotional state. On social media, though, you can practically swim in it.
The view from Canadian cottages is often of Americans. Is Canadian patriotism coming back?
In what had been billed as the “body-bag summit,” because of the potential for mass resignations, the prime minister summoned her warring cabinet to a showdown.
Studies keep drawing the conclusion that people like cheap wines best and should not trust experts. But the findings say more about fears than tastes.
What this year’s tournament taught us about the upending of the global order and the conflicts between nationalism and globalization.
The action asked the International Court of Justice to declare that the sanctions reimposed on May 8 should be terminated “without delay.”
Each week during the school year we take Times travel coverage, news reporting, photojournalism and videos, and use them to make a short quiz about a different country.
Did you stay up to date this week?
A group of six unions representing 38,000 Disney employees in Florida has reached an agreement with the company to raise the minimum starting wage.
Over three decades, the photographer has covered major events, natural disasters and the struggle against governmental abuses. Now he is in jail in Bangladesh. 
This silent majority will no longer stand by as the Trump administration tries to destroy a century of bipartisan love of the land. 
Nine actors talk about how their accents — and culture — helped and hindered them as they forged screen careers.
The fate of the world economy depends on how China negotiates a weakening currency and capital flight.
Readers discuss how and if perceptions change based on political party and which president is in power.
The head of the American Trucking Associations and two truck-safety advocates discuss an editorial on “the plight of long-distance truck drivers.”
Centuries of colonization nearly erased the taste of the Pacific. Now, a new generation is reimagining the regional food for a new era.
North Korea’s leader is lashing out against economic missteps as he turns his attention to building prosperity. But he needs American cooperation.
In “Winners Take All,” Anand Giridharadas explores a global elite that bemoans the state of the world while refusing to seek real, structural change.
Britain hopes that preparing to leave the European Union without an agreement will strengthen its negotiating hand. But its findings show millions of Britons would suffer.
By one measure, stocks crossed a major threshold on Wednesday. But the financial gains of the nearly decade-long run have been concentrated among the already wealthy.
If this be socialism, make the most of it.
President Trump tosses a tangled lifeline to the declining coal industry. It will lead to more deaths, it won’t help workers and it will make global warming worse. 
Timothy D. Cook of Apple, Ginni Rometty of IBM and dozens of other C.E.O.s said new guidelines and practices were hindering skilled foreign workers and harmful to economic growth.
I’m glad “Crazy Rich Asians” is a hit, but I’m waiting for the day when it’s just another romantic comedy.
From inflatable kayaks to fitness trackers, the Trump administration’s proposal to tax another $200 billion worth of Chinese goods would ultimately hit everyday consumer products. 
A dozen artistic responses to one of the greatest threats of our time. 
Readers discuss a plan to ease regulations for coal plants and how global warming is bad for business. 
One of the two pillars of the West is in jeopardy.
The Trump administration’s proposed 25 percent import duty on artworks that originated in China has alarmed museums, collectors and dealers.
Fewer people in industrialized countries are getting adequate sleep.
From scoring the best seat assignment to zipping past security lines: how to make air travel more tolerable.
President Trump, fresh from a confrontational NATO trip, visited Britain, where he criticized Prime Minister Theresa May in a published interview.
A child’s chance of survival shouldn’t hinge on where he or she is born.
When it comes to Bitcoin and the like, government oversight should be a feature, not a bug.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Democrats and Republicans alike believe that when Georgia chooses between Stacey Abrams and Brian Kemp, they will be signaling what the Deep South powerhouse stands for.
Which American cities are the most energy efficient?
The French have soured on their wunderkind president. He’s aloof and tone-deaf, it’s said. What else is new?
The Mayor’s Office for International Affairs cites some of the benefits.
Thursday: An interview with the lieutenant governor, a second crack in the Salesforce Transit Center, and the Parisian love affair with Los Angeles.
The letters, which went out last month, are the latest sign of acrimony between Mr. Trump and American allies as he heads to a NATO summit meeting next week in Brussels.
Federal Reserve officials upgraded their already high marks for their economy, issuing a statement that keeps them on track to raise rates next month and in December.
The Trump administration is prepared to release text of its trade agreement with Mexico, throwing the future of the trilateral Nafta pact into uncertainty.
High-level meetings, powerful lobbying firms and a charm offensive were unable to get regulators to approve a deal with SkyBridge Capital, Anthony Scaramucci’s firm.
In China, Europe and the U.S., stock indexes rose slightly, after President Trump imposed new tariffs on China and China retaliated with its own tariffs.
In this week's newsletter, we've got a bit about everyone's favorite summer pest, and about Trump’s plan to freeze standards on automobile pollution.
President Trump claimed that coal was “indestructible,” that West Virginia had one of the strongest state economies and that the U.S. was the “cleanest country in the planet.” None of that was true. 
The president, in a speech in Illinois, escalated his misguided notion that a trade deficit means “lost” wealth into a claim an expert says “defies the most basic of economics.” 
While signing the annual funding bill, President Trump inaccurately claimed that the amount was “historic” and the military had “never” previously received funding. 
Addressing the world body’s annual General Assembly meeting on Tuesday, President Trump made inaccurate claims about his own record, the Islamic State, the war in Yemen, reactions to the Iran nuclear deal and the trade deficit. 
Women already control the governor’s office in Oregon and more top state legislative posts than in any other state, and now have track records to defend at the ballot box.
Center-right and center-left blocs were neck and neck after elections, although neither can command a majority in Parliament. The anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats were running third.
How a grassroots movement was born from educators working to find out why their schools are so poorly funded.
Some delegates to a climate change conference in Thailand lament the shortfall in a United Nations program meant to help poor countries.
Educators across the country are taking second jobs to make a living.
In an interview, Mr. Ma said it was “the beginning of an era” for him and that he planned to focus on philanthropy in education.
The European Union, which has emerged as the world’s toughest overseer of technology, said the deal did not pose any threat to competition.
If it persists, a steady uptick in prices could complicate Beijing’s effort to support economic growth and contend with the trade war with the United States.
Officials said India rebuffed Pakistan’s outreach, which was driven by anxiety over its isolation and flagging economy.
Thoughts from Times judges on our ninth annual contest, and a winning essay from Byron Zhang.
At least 87 corpses were counted during aerial surveys over the past few months, all with their tusks hacked off.
Ms. Raimondo, the Democratic incumbent, defeated Matt Brown, who tried to depict her as overly close to moneyed interests. But she is considered vulnerable in the fall.
Dan Rasmussen, founding partner of Verdad Capital, makes a case against private equity, venture capital and private real estate, and he has data to back it up.
The start-up asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise its rules on whom private companies can award equity to.
