Private-sector employment is growing at about the same rate it did during the best days of the last decade. But the government continues to shed workers.
A business owner responds to reader questions about his plan to share profits with his employees — and promises to report back if the plan fails.
It is now difficult for even the most bullish of China analysts to argue that the economy is not in very difficult straits.
The Environmental Protection Agency headquarters building was renamed for President Bill Clinton.
Marc Andersen, an Ernst & Young partner, said he doesn’t think American entrepreneurs are spoiled: “It’s just part of the DNA of never being satisfied.”
Leasing of business equipment declines. E-mail marketing isn’t improving. Is the out-of-office auto-response message dying?
The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Monday’s selections feature an odd tale of how the Secret Service established and operated a counterfeiting factory to catch cyber criminals, and an essay about why the social media generation never really breaks up with one another.
Five years ago, the government abandoned Lehman Brothers to its fate. Was that a mistake, or did it help bring the financial crisis under control?
Walmart’s sales disappoint. How to get a business loan. And what “Breaking Bad” gets right about the meth business.
Optimism rises. The Pebble disappoints. Is Europe’s recession over?
The optimistic view that increased foreign trade benefits everyone works only if winners fully compensate losers, and so far they have shown little desire to do so , an economist writes.
Family-friendly socialism and its discontents — and the lessons thereof for America.
The deficit will fall to $759 billion for the fiscal year that ends this September, a $214 billion improvement from the projection made in March.
Admissions test scores aside, a study finds a huge difference in the completion rate of those who attend a selective college and those who attend an open-access college.
S.& P. has been giving higher ratings than its big rivals to certain mortgage-backed securities just as Wall Street is eagerly trying to revive the market for these investments, according to an analysis conducted for The Times.
Popular automotive colors have changed over the years, but we have settled firmly into the lackluster trio of white, black and silver.
Concern over global warming has spurred students to dust off investment choice as a weapon in their campaign. But whether it will be as effective this time is another matter.
Booms are alike, busts differ.
Who will prosper in the new, increasingly automated world?
A program doing what it’s supposed to do.
On Thursday at the Visa Pour l’Image festival in Perpignan, France, a Getty Images Grant for editorial photography was awarded to Eugene Richards — allowing him to expand on his work documenting Iraq war veterans in the United States — and others.
The question of what other central banks are supposed to do about the Fed cutting its extraordinary asset purchases dominated the formal agenda here at the Kansas City Fed’s annual monetary policy conference. The answers were surprisingly mellow.
Research shows that big businesses may benefit consumers, and the harm from monopoly power may be exaggerated, an economist writes.
The bank is under investigation in Philadelphia and California and is accused of flouting federal laws with its sale of subprime mortgage securities.
The Honda Civic Tourer is a wagon that will be available in Europe only, and Norway’s prime minister poses as a cabdriver as part of a campaign stunt.
In his Driven review for The Times, Tom Voelk finds the full-size sedan holds its own against rivals like the Toyota Avalon and Chevrolet Impala.
Hyperinflation and soaring rates!
The bankruptcy cases of cities and automakers, and the threat to use eminent domain to write down mortgage values, may make it harder and more expensive for American consumers to borrow, an economist writes.
Banco Santander said Tuesday that its second quarter profit jumped to 1.1 billion euros, as the Spanish bank benefited from a fall in charges connected to delinquent loans.
In Vietnam’s ongoing transition to capitalism, there’s more to McDonald’s arrival than just attracting foreign investment.
Apparently everyone inside the Beltway knows what isn’t so.
If successful, the Hilton initial public offering would be a powerful vindication of Blackstone’s real estate strategy and prove that even some seemingly doomed deals can yield generous returns given enough time.
In Silicon Valley, control by a company’s founder does not always translate into long-term success. | In Nokia deal, Microsoft is taking inspiration from Apple’s product strategy. | Vikram S. Pandit is betting on an upstart lender. | Two former Bear Stearns managers have won a fresh legal victory.
Bad estimates of output gaps can do a lot of harm.
Austerity: It feels so good when you stop.
President Obama is right to assert that reducing income inequality will help spur growth, an economist writes.
Home sales fall. Mortgage applications fall. How to make employees work harder.
Economists who have studied the issue tend to agree that more immigration is better for the Social Security system, at least for many years to come, but that the effect is small.
How depressed is the economy?
The Affordable Care Act will disrupt and distort labor markets in a variety of ways, an economist writes.
Food policy can make us healthy or it can make us sick.
Real damage is being done.
Republican lawmakers have a bold plan for summer recess: staging fake meetings with prescreened, softball questions.
Amid all the ambient chauvinism, few Egyptians are questioning the military’s actions or intentions.
HSBC, Britain’s largest bank, said earnings rose 10 percent in the first half of the year, to $14.07 billion, thanks in part to lower charges for bad loans, especially in the United States.
Four Seasons Hotels plans to open a property in Seoul in 2015.
In its defense against a Justice Department lawsuit, Standard & Poor’s argues that it was improperly targeted because it lowered the credit rating on federal debt two years ago. How far it will get with that argument is an open question.
While the time costs of preparing meals at home can be high, these costs go way down when cooking for several people at a time, an economist writes.
Regulators argue that Steven A. Cohen knew about and took part in suspicious trading activity at SAC. | A maneuver by financial players adds a fraction of a penny to the price of aluminum cans. | The governing Liberal Democrats in Japan secured a landslide victory in parliamentary elections. | A revelation in Detroit illustrates a broader debate over pension math.
Volkswagen said it would bring a performance diesel-powered Golf to North America in 2015, and American automakers try to keep tariffs on Japan for an additional 25 to 30 years.
The Treasury secretary spoke to John Harwood about extending government funding past Sept. 30, dealing with the so-called budget sequester and raising the federal debt limit.
Scientists who were once invited to Google to discussion climate science communication now communicate their anger about the company’s fund-raiser for Senator James Inhofe.
Another blow to dozens of businesses on the Jersey Shore. Updates on the looming financial crises. And a Home Depot wedding proposal.
A conversation with Paul Sabin, author of a new book on a storied 1980 wager over the prospect of overpopulation — and the applications for the current debate over global warming.
Unemployment rate falls. Lessons learned from bootstrapping. Are our things spying on us?
Alcoa, Bank of America and Hewlett-Packard — three stalwarts of corporate America that have fallen out of favor lately with investors — will be removed from the Dow Jones industrial average, to be replaced by Goldman Sachs, Visa and Nike.
Morgan Stanley’s adjusted second-quarter earnings narrowly beat analysts’ estimates. | A special committee of Dell’s directors may delay a vote on the company’s proposed sale. | JPMorgan Chase is trying to avoid a showdown over accusations that it manipulated energy prices. | Nelson Peltz urges a merger of PepsiCo and Mondelez International.
Shorter hours or part-time work can be preferable for those dealing with family care and household duties, but such jobs needn’t represent second-class work, an economist writes.
The question for the Fed is whether a good-but-not-great quarter and months of moderate job gains are sufficient to tighten monetary policy, or simply the best such policy can produce, an economist writes.
Solving start-up challenges. Businesses someone else should start. Foursquare’s tips versus Yelp’s reviews.
It’s the economists, stupid.
Allowing the nation’s largest banks to own physical commodities increases both their power and their potential to disrupt the economy, an economist writes.
On being wrong again and again and again and again and ….
John A. Paulson, whose company has never before bought another company outright, said he was always enamored with Steinway pianos.
Only one in three Americans has confidence in the Federal Reserve’s ability to promote economic growth.
Bankers and lawyers said banks competed to see who could hire the most politically connected recent college graduates.
Extended Stay, a hotel chain owned by three investment firms, filed on Monday for an initial public offering. The I.P.O. would be the latest deal to test investors’ willingness to bet on a recovery in real estate.
Back to the macro future.
Right on housing, but we all missed a lot of other things.
Yes, it can be done.
Chief financial officers are more optimistic. A report says small businesses are particularly vulnerable to climate change. But for one fishmonger, business still stinks. Do you pay your interns?
Suffering must not be alleviated!
The tax code would be fairer if homeowners were taxed as landlords on their own property, which would equalize the tax treatment of all investments, including in one’s own home, an economist writes.
Is it worth the time it takes to pursue the work?
Looking for takers in all the wrong places.
Integrating Twitter and television. Managing technical and creative types. Restaurant sales decline. And why you need a nap!
A new report finds that incomes are down since the recovery began, especially for the young and those nearing retirement. These groups have suffered from the recession in other ways, too.
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial, one of Japan’s largest banks, plans to buy up to 75 percent of the Thai lender Bank of Ayudhya for around $5.6 billion.
New York is not America.
The firm’s shares rose more than 4 percent after it announced strong second-quarter gains and the Fed’s approval to repurchase $500 million worth of its stock.
The Affordable Care Act will make part-time employment more attractive to many workers, an economist writes.
New evidence explains why the Netherlands tried to get freedmen to colonize Suriname.
The artist, who documented the jet-set lifestyle in Manhattan and Paris before succumbing to AIDS in 1988, is the subject of an auction, window displays and a new book.
Without an earlier manufacturing boom, India is now bereft of companies that can build the things its builders need.
Live updates on the shootings at a naval headquarters in Washington that killed 13 people, including the gunman and a police officer.
New studies from Denmark and Britain find that older people are getting healthier and experiencing less dementia.
Ronald Coase, in his research and theories, found in labor unions many of the qualities valued by his more liberal colleagues, an economist writes.
Federal authorities are poised to level criminal charges against SAC Capital Advisors. | Yahoo seems like damaged goods now that it has been abandoned by Daniel S. Loeb, the Deal Professor writes. | A witness in the trial of Fabrice P. Tourre described the difficulty of knowing who was betting against a complicated mortgage deal.
A $92 quadrillion glitch. Manufacturing is sexy again. The case for paying your people more. And are you prepared to fail?
Fall in the rupee will benefit Indian companies with overseas arms as it will increase the dividend amount that comes into the coffers of the Indian parent.
British retailers, hotels and ceramic factories are betting on the arrival of the royal baby to improve the otherwise gloomy economic situation.
Beware the indirect effects.
The universal banking model is under attack by regulators, but Deutsche Bank seems determined to keep its two-track focus of branch network and investment bank.
In the last few days, the three big American bond-trading firms – JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs – all reported second-quarter financial results that were helped by healthy bond trading revenue.
The forgotten French advantage.
Senator Elizabeth Warren and Senator John McCain are sponsoring a 21st-century version of the Glass-Steagall Act from the 1930s, to break up large banks.
A. Scott Berg discusses his new biography of Woodrow Wilson.
Mr. Parrikar describes the 2002 Gujarat riots as an administrative failure and claims that unlike his Bharatiya Janata Party colleague Narendra Modi, who governs Gujarat State, he would not have let it happen.
The volatility in Egypt is mitigated by the millions of ordinary people who have learned to take things one day at a time.
Yes, we are Japan.
The effortlessly elegant singer-songwriter and former First Lady of France shares her tips for formal dressing, healthy skin and more.
The stone rolls down again and again.
A reading selection to mark the season’s end.
No, but that hasn’t stopped Republicans from pretending that’s the case.
With India’s gross domestic product growth crashing from 8 percent over the last few years to 4.4 percent in the latest quarter, many areas like foreign aid and development may see a cash crunch.
As Gurgaon swells, a farming village morphs into a small town.
If Turkey’s prime minister persists in playing politics with the economy, he risks losing his supporters among the business elite.
A look at the backdrop to a recent increase in violence in Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula.
Data and arithmetic make clear that the Affordable Care Act could have negative effects on employment, despite the optimism of the law’s supporters, an economist writes.
Ford adds a third shift at its Kansas City plant to keep up with demand for F-Series pickups, and Consumer Reports tops its best sedans list with the 2014 Chevrolet Impala.
Getting to know the weirder side of Sears.
The proposal would increase the financial cushion banks must maintain to protect their assets in a crisis.
Some straying is OK, but this is ridiculous.
Times correspondents offer updates and insights on the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy announcement at 2 p.m. and the news conference by Ben Bernanke, the Fed chief.
ONGC Videsh, a unit of the India’s state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, says it will acquire a 10 percent stake in a natural gas project in Mozambique from Anadarko Petroleum in an all-cash deal.
Mark Spitznagel, the founder of Universa Capital, believes the stock market is going to fall by at least 40 percent in one great market “purge.”
A national economic, social and cultural whirlwind transformed the life chances of the children and grandchildren of those I graduated from Port Clinton High School with in 1959.
As proposals to replace taxpayer support for home mortgages with private finance move through Congress, it’s time for the Obama administration to take a position in this debate, an economist writes.
Is the Obama administration really the sort of oppressive government that needs to be overthrown?
How to find a cheap flight. Using Google Plus for contests. Health insurance premiums come in lower than expected.
The laws surrounding pregnancy and family leave vary, so until the government finances parental leave, women need to know their rights so they can make informed decisions about their jobs.
It was your passion that led you to start a business. But now that you run the business, do you still do the things you were passionate about?
Capital goods orders are weak. Gas prices fall. And five billion additional mobile phone users are coming to Facebook.
Loose money, or banks gone wild?
For far-right House Republicans, in their fight against Obamacare, it’s their way or no way, all or nothing.
Eventually, the 99 percent will demand better.
Although toned down from the concept introduced in Shanghai, the GLA-Class holds on to its aggressive looks.
Nonsense economics, but maybe good politics.
The decline in the jobless rate since the recession is almost entirely because of the continuing contraction of the labor force, a trend that began more than a decade ago and that economists do not entirely understand.
A research report finds a surprising correlation between the pace of truck sales and the ability of stocks to outperform bonds.
There is chatter that Hillary Rodham Clinton might turn to Robby Mook, 33, to run her next campaign. But first he has to help Terry McAuliffe win this year’s signature race, the Virginia gubernatorial contest.
After he gains control of Parliament, as expected Sunday, the Japanese prime minister will be under pressure to implement overhauls.
By focusing on exams, the nation has neglected teacher training and other education reforms.
The city, led by a young mayor with an idealist’s approach, has a reciprocal relationship with Cornell University and Ithaca College that has created thousands of jobs.
The Federal Reserve has spent heavily to buy bonds to reduce long-term rates, but rates are actually higher than when it started.
A wave of cuts in domestic and military spending is causing government furloughs as well as job losses and curtailed hours among federal contractors.
Roger Shepherd is chasing a dream that no one in living memory has attempted, to hike along the entire mountain range that forms the geological spine of the Korean Peninsula.
Some adventurous buyers are mining the commercial market for residential space.
Million-dollar cars are so common at Pebble Beach that they become like the spear-carriers in “Aida,” mere background for the real action.
The choice of the nation’s most powerful technocrat, the head of the Federal Reserve, has rarely generated this much public anticipation or political debate.
With Europe sputtering and China costly, the “stars are aligning” for Mexico as broad changes in the global economy create new dynamics of migration.
The role of design in transforming South Korea is the theme of "Korea Power: Design and Identity" in Frankfurt.
About 298,000 hybrids, or cars that run on batteries and gasoline, have been sold this year while only 36,000 battery-powered vehicles have sold.
The ruling by Italy’s highest court was the first time former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi received a definitive conviction in 20 years of tangles with the judiciary.
Low-wage workers’ pay has flatlined while median pay for chief executives at the nation’s top corporations jumped 16 percent last year.
Democrats and Republicans eagerly voted to reset and cap student loan interest rates after a failure last month forced rates to double.
The following is a transcript of an interview with President Obama in Galesburg, Ill., by New York Times reporters.
Widening income inequality and the weak recovery have undermined Americans’ belief in opportunity, President Obama said in an interview.
Two of the world’s largest economies have agreed to a deal on solar imports to Europe, settling a dispute that had threatened to set off a wider trade war.
Quarterly reports from the three biggest European banks showed that they continue to lag behind their American peers as they focus more on rehabilitation, delaying the Continent’s economic rebound.
Why the billable hour no longer makes economic sense.
The New York City mayoral candidates need to build on Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s transit improvements, in every borough.
Are spread-out cities killing the American dream?
The manufacturing index, provided by the Chinese authorities, indicated that recent small-scale economic support measures in Beijing might be having some effect on demand.
The ban, which carries fines and jail time for those who engage in such transactions without government approval, is an effort to prop up the Syrian pound, whose value has plummeted since 2011.
Few business travelers remember to add cash tips to their expense reports, and no one has come up with a mobile app to help.
Global stocks fell and oil rose above $100 a barrel as concern about Egypt and Portugal added to traders’ growing grab-bag of anxieties.
Both General Motors and Honda, two automakers considered leaders in the technology, said they could reduce costs and development time by working on a common design.
Managers of some of the better-performing mutual funds in the second quarter found strength in diverse holdings.
While justifying its intervention in politics as serving the will of the people, the Egyptian military has never been a force for democracy, living as a class apart, indifferent to ideology.
Many mutual funds slumped near the end of the second quarter amid signs that the Federal Reserve might pull back on its bond-buying. For investors, the future now looks harder to read.
If granted asylum — a big if — the N.S.A. leaker Edward J. Snowden would likely find life in tiny, beautiful, impoverished Ecuador a bit of an adjustment.
That the government enacted a law aimed at compelling adult children to visit their aging parents is yet another sign of the monumental changes sweeping through Chinese society.
Months after the European Union bailout of Cyprus’s banks, Russian shareholders have become majority owners, at least on paper, of the country’s largest financial institution.
Egypt has a dilemma: its politics are dominated by democrats who are not liberals and liberals who are not democrats.
Putting Virginia on the world’s wine map will take persistence, in the vineyards and the marketplace.
After a week of tense negotiations, Greece and its foreign lenders agreed on a new round of austerity measures that must be taken by the country to unlock the crucial rescue funds.
To residents of Asbest in Russia’s Ural Mountains, living with a pervasive carcinogen is the alternative to having no livelihood at all.
With the highly efficient  2014 Cruze Turbo Diesel, General Motors is leaving its Hummer legacy behind and establishing itself as a green automaker.
Plug-in hybrids and E.V.’s seem to get all the attention, and the tax breaks. But diesel engines are also fuel efficient, and technology has tamed the emissions problem.
The Federal Reserve chairman is credited with preventing another depression in response to the debt crisis. But he missed the growing imbalances that led to the crisis.
President Obama is making the case that prosperity comes from the “middle out,” and doesn’t trickle down from the top.
Bankruptcy proceedings will be very painful, but city and state officials should resist the temptation to gut modest public pensions.
Croatian officials long lobbied to get into the European Union, but some Croatians worry that the country is not ready.
Some witnesses warned a Congressional subcommittee that taxpayers, as well as the economy, could be vulnerable to banks’ actions in the commodities market.
The proposals, which are expected to face heavy industry opposition, would apply to transactions between financial services companies that consumers never see.
Speaking in Mumbai, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said he saw a “historic opportunity” to improve ties, but India must open up its economy more.
Hundreds of women in New York City have found themselves deep in debt and with little training after attending cosmetology schools that falsified applications for student loans.
Foreclosure prevention advocates are urging Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo to sign legislation that would prevent lenders’ lawyers from leaving homeowners facing foreclosure in a state of legal limbo.
While in Mumbai, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. is expected to express growing concerns about India’s economy and its openness to foreign investment.
A stable, democratic Egypt is vital for its people, for the Middle East and for the world.
Versions of the macaron may be everywhere, from McDonald’s to hit TV shows, but for the cookie’s old guard the focus remains on adherence to tradition.
Many tech companies in their early stages rent modest spaces from bigger tech companies, and then rent out any leftover space in turn.
Sergey V. Lavrov, the foreign minister, blamed rebels for stalling and asked the United States for help in the negotiations.
The new president of Iran offers an opportunity that should not be missed.
What would happen if Manhattan had a free market for rental apartments?
Regulators say banks have been profiting by offering wealthy Chinese high returns on loans, with banks lending the cash to companies unqualified for loans otherwise.
Republicans resist compromising their extreme positions and retreat further and further from the national mainstream.
Is mass unemployment becoming the new normal?
As companies like Tribune and Gannett buy up local television stations, the goal is not transformation, but leverage, using size to cut better deals with distributors and suppliers.
The Tokyo String Quartet, which is disbanding, said farewell to its longtime association with the Norfolk Chamber Music Festival with a program of Haydn, Debussy and Bartok.
As seen at the sprawling Marché aux Puces, Paris’s most famous flea market, concerns are growing for France’s economic health in the near future.
Outsiders were stunned when Henry Ford II dismissed Lee Iacocca as president of Ford Motor in 1977 and elevated Mr. Caldwell, who was nearly unknown outside the company.
The Bank for International Settlements, a central bank for bankers, operates without disclosure.
China wants to use Shanghai as a platform for financial overhauls, including interest rate liberalization and full convertibility of China’s currency.
Nathan Silver’s “Exit Elena,” a take on the life of a service economy worker, is also touched by heartbreak.
Will China or India come out ahead? It depends on reform.
Regulators have allowed banks to buy companies that trade in commodities, resulting in huge profits for the banks and higher prices for consumers.
A deadly building collapse brought the dangers of Bangladesh’s clothing manufacturing to world notice, but the environmental destruction is taking a daily toll as well.
June’s trade numbers came in much weaker than expected on Wednesday, offering up the latest evidence that the Chinese economy has lost much of its previous vigor.
