The Ohio governor on Tuesday became the 16th prominent Republican to enter the contest for the presidential nomination.
Leveraged lending guidelines are a case study in how hard it is to stamp out what are deemed risky practices and how regulation can lead to unexpected consequences.
The United States shows that large, economically diverse areas can share a common currency — but also that there is a price.
We can find deep insights on this issue by looking all the way back to the end of the last Ice Age, 15,000 years ago.
A good nuclear deal was made in 2013; a still better one can be had now.
Economic policy promoted by American conservatives is how Greece got in severe trouble.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the day’s big stories.
The agreement doesn’t resolve the country’s debt crisis or its moribund economy.
The president, speaking at the White House conference on aging, said he wanted more laws passed that require automatic retirement plans for employees.
A new security law promises to be more oppressive than the last, and American officials are missing their chance to put pressure on Cairo.
It’s too late for a great accord on limiting Iran’s nuclear program, but maybe not a worthwhile one.
In a bid to avoid continuous negotiations with creditors, the Ukrainian government (with the I.M.F.’s support) is deep in debt talks, pressing investors to accept a bailout deal — but investors are resistant.
The company that has long sold the sporty Miata roadster builds some of that dynamic into the CX-5, showing that running errands can be fun.
Long before Mr. Sanders was a presidential candidate, he went to Burlington, where he supported himself with odd jobs and planned to remake the world.
What may have been just another strike by transport workers has become tangled in Europe’s migration crisis, with truck drivers reporting being besieged by migrants.
Any new bailout deal between the country and its creditors is likely to include harsher austerity measures based on an increasingly grim economic outlook, analysts said.
The Central Asian nation will add 19 countries and principalities to the list of territories that do not require a visa for visits of up to 15 days.
For their first New York fashion week in more than a decade, men’s wear designers, old-guard and newcomers alike, looked west for inspiration.
The announcement ratcheted up pressure on President Dilma Rousseff, who is facing calls for her ouster over a sweeping graft scheme at the national oil company.
The meeting is the most striking example yet of the new king’s willingness to work with Islamist organizations that the kingdom has long considered foes.
Traffic in Manhattan is a growing problem, but there are better solutions than officially restricting the growth of car services like Uber.
Full normalization of relations between the United States and Cuba will be arduous, but it will benefit both nations.
In Cleveland and Cuyahoga County, for example, taxpayers will contribute $262 million for improvements to the city’s arenas and stadiums over the next 20 years.
Economic failure extends far beyond Greece.
The fund conceded an argument long made by Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, even as it blamed the current government for making matters worse.
A former Greek finance minister argues that the next few days are crucial. Lenders must compromise and Tsipras must stop gambling with the livelihood of future generations.
It sold a 5.4 percent stake in the lender, which received a large bailout during the financial crisis, but did so at a price well below what it paid in 2008.
Revenues for the hamburger chain founded by the restaurateur Danny Meyer were up 74.7 percent to $48.5 million.
The author of a Sunday Review article arguing that capitalists must address rising income inequality responds to reader comments.
The quality of policy discussion in the Republican debate was pretty low. Here’s a closer look.
For many Germans, the arguments against repeating the Treuhand in Greece are overwhelming.
The ensemble, whose average age of its audience is dropping, is planning only 16 performances next season, down from 28 last season.
The editor in chief of the satirical website ClickHole on why we love the weird, absurd content that goes viral online.
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey said that if he were to be elected president in 2016, he would revive a project he killed that would have doubled rail capacity between New Jersey and Manhattan.
Much of the data, which focused on inflation predictions, initially was released in a form only accessible to users of a particular computer program.
Presidential candidates portraying themselves as big backers of the new “gig economy” are pandering for votes.
Data show that more young adults are living at home with their parents, not fully healed from the damages of the last recession.
Opponents of the nuclear deal have turned what should have been a thoughtful debate into a vicious battle against President Obama.
M.I.T.-trained economists have gained dominance in policy positions and policy discourse.
American importers of Greek products are stymied by their suppliers’ inability to procure materials for export.
Policy-making at the central bank should be solely under the control of its Board of Governors.
The policy of issuing “report cards” for surgeons has backfired.
Greater access to banks, unique ID cards and mobile phones are making it easier for the government to transfer cash to the poor.
The Accord has the appearance of gas-only models, but inside is a lithium-ion battery and a gas-electric system that is unlike other hybrids.
Seif al-Islam el-Qaddafi was sentenced in absentia because he is being held captive by a militia in the country’s northwest; eight other ex-officials were sentenced to death.
Did Malaysia get a pass on its terrible record because the administration needed to meet political requirements of the trans-Pacific trade deal?
Calling out “hit and run” activists, Mrs. Clinton said she would alter incentives to lengthen investment horizons and take a “hard look” at stock buybacks.
A popular government-backed small-business lending program, suspended last week after reaching its limit for the year, is on the verge of restarting.
By treating Grexit as a viable option, Europe has made a future French, or even German, exit more likely.
The Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico did not make a $58 million bond payment, saying it lacked the funds to meet the amount due.
The mouthy magnate is the carnival we summoned by letting our popular and political cultures bleed into one.
When we talk about the need for austerity in Greece, the word conveys not just an economic but a moral requirement — a lesson that must be taught.
The current crackdown shows how the Communist Party fears its legitimacy to rule could crumble.
What you need to know if you’re on a trip or planning one soon, including a new surf park in northern Wales, hotel promotions in Switzerland, and a hotel special in Los Angeles.
If lawmakers want to improve the country’s deteriorating highways, bridges and mass transit systems, they will have to get creative.
The Fed’s misplaced optimism sends the wrong message to Americans who are still not getting ahead.
Virtual communities have sprung up catering to African-Americans, mainly women, who rarely find themselves the target of tourism companies.
Valentino Deng is using royalties from “What Is the What,” the book about him by Dave Eggers, to transform young lives.
After years of proud independence, some companies are joining forces, powered by an app, to create a car service network in hopes of fighting expanding ride-hailing companies.
An Internet-based recruitment program called Wyoming Grown aims to help young people who have left the state find jobs back in Wyoming.
The missed payment was overshadowed by the agreement among eurozone leaders that would provide more aid to Greece and keep it in the currency union.
A second attempt at staging a men’s fashion week gets a kickoff from the Council of Fashion Designers of America.
Roughly 350 creditors were told they would have to wait several weeks until a working group of Puerto Rico leaders formed recommendations for resolving the island’s fiscal crisis.
Without crucial reforms, the currency union is likely to remain in a political no man's land, whatever happens to Greece.
When a government tries to intervene in these cases, it can mean pouring money down a sinkhole and merely delaying an inevitable correction.
Bankruptcy laws must recognize that some responsibility for loan failure rests with creditors, and offer more chances for a fresh start.
The Russian president, known for his skills in judo and macho sports, said in a meeting with India’s leader that he will embrace yoga as well.
Camps along the Mediterranean coast illustrate divisions between the Italians and the French over managing a border that is theoretically open.
Some managers tried both buying and selling when leaps in bond yields occurred during the second quarter this year.
Although Jeb Bush’s recent remark is being treated as a gaffe, there is in fact a lively debate among economists on the issue of longer workweeks.
European finance ministers could not agree on whether Greece should be granted its third bailout since 2010, leaving the Continent hours from what could be a historic rupture.
Beijing will undertake a major restructuring of the capital government as part of a broader plan to create a giant urban corridor in northern China, officials said Saturday.
The shutdown is a milestone in the country’s push to establish a nuclear-free energy system by 2022.
If it is going to lead Europe, it can’t act as if it’s simply a victim.
Some analysts say the currency tensions could worsen some of the entrenched problems in the global economy. China’s move also poses a dilemma for the Fed as it considers raising interest rates.
China’s leaders still don’t understand how markets work.
The latest bailout agreement between Greece and its European creditors will go forward without cash from one crucial lender: the International Monetary Fund.
The country’s central bank set the official exchange rate slightly higher against the dollar, after turbulent days in which the currency was devalued.
Ms. Bazemore, 56, is the president of Radian Guaranty, the private mortgage insurance subsidiary of the Radian Group, based in Philadelphia.
Rather than go through a messy default in a few years, Europe should restructure Greece’s debt now.
Despite the relentless pounding from the Petrobras scandal, the nation’s democratic institutions hold firm.
Critics of the nuclear agreement think we can revert to sanctions. But doing so would be an economic disaster.
In this aging bull market, investors are showing signs of a sea change in their attitudes.
The American economy invariably becomes a political target, from the left and the right, when there is no White House incumbent running for re-election.
The author of a Sunday Review essay about water conservation responds to readers’ questions.
The authorities described the man in security footage as a potential suspect in the attack based on more than a dozen cameras.
The result also increases the likelihood that there will be a careful accounting of Mr. Rajapaksa’s decade in power.
The investment bank joins a long list of counterfeits that includes Apple stores and British villages. They’re easy to mock, but they show an ingenuity and pluck that could be powerful.
The contenders are clueless in their China-bashing and bluster over volatile markets.
With the latest labor figures neither much better nor much worse than expected, the Federal Reserve has a tough call on whether to raise rates.
Relax. What we’re seeing isn’t a meltdown, it’s an overdue correction.
Amid a crime wave, a policy of openness to students and immigrant workers from Africa faces a xenophobic backlash.
Malaysia must abandon its pro-Malay affirmative action policies: They weaken the economy and good governance.
A state of emergency at the border town of San Antonio del Táchira has shown arbitrary policing and few changes in daily public activity.
Is John Kasich the toughest Republican for a Democrat to face?
The state is caught up in a clash between oil and environmental interests, and the issues are so thorny that even Democratic leaders are on opposing sides.
The remarks of the Federal Reserve’s vice chairman were highly anticipated after days of turmoil in financial markets that raised questions about whether the Fed’s plans had changed.
The latest executive order changing workplace rules, which will take effect in 2017, calls for up to seven days of paid leave a year.
With an upgraded structure, a reduction in noise and more, the 2016 model is a far better truck than the one it replaces.
On some days, market psychology can count for more than long-term fundamentals, pushing panicked investors to sell.
The worldwide market turbulence of recent days is a strong indication that government intervention alone cannot restore the economy, says the author.
On a chaotic path through the Balkans, tens of thousands of migrants are pushing to reach northern Serbia before Hungary seals the border.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
For more than a year now, signs pointing to an equity crisis were there for all to see.
The deal with a big block of its creditors gives Puerto Rico a needed accomplishment at a time when other developments have been going against it.
The 2008 global downturn froze Berlin’s real estate market for a few months, but properties largely kept their value.
There are many good choices in the small crossover market, but Mazda’s new model is for people who enjoy the act of driving,
Here’s what you need to know to start your week.
The Signature Theater in Arlington, Va., seizes on a fractious election season to restage this 1997 work about the dark arts of campaigning.
The country is facing its most protracted declines since the financial crisis, with overseas shipments falling 5.5 percent last month compared with a year earlier.
Parties in opposition to immigration, Islam’s influence and the European Union are pointing out the difficulty of now shutting the migrant tap.
Twyla Tharp discusses the discipline and challenges of mounting a tour.
On one side: those who seek a bold step toward federal integration. On the other: those who argue that Europe just has to keep muddling along.
The economic imbroglio between Germany and Greece perfectly corresponds with literary history.
Economic and political instability are deepening before a snap election scheduled for November.
Prime Minister Victor Ponta is accused of forgery, money laundering and being an accessory to tax evasion, and will face charges in Romania’s top court.
The valuation for Cablevision looks high, but savings will help. Importantly, the French telecommunications company isn’t contributing much cash.
The country had to endure a near-death experience before it was ready to confront its privileged groups.
By holding steady on interest rates, the Federal Reserve is acknowledging, correctly, that the economy shows no signs of overheating.
A World Bank study said 90 percent of the countries surveyed have at least one law that discriminates against women.
If the junta wants to stay in power, it must devalue the currency and sharply raise rural incomes.
Twenty years ago, a series of rate increases by the Federal Reserve put pressure on emerging markets like Mexico, which had to be bailed out by the United States and the I.M.F. Could it happen again?
Can looking at central bankers’ blunders from the recent past offer any useful guidance for what the Fed ought to do this week? It’s worth hoping.
Hotel projects have drawn financial support from cities seeking increased convention business, but this support has sometimes become contentious.
The courts are trying to figure out whether Uber’s drivers are contractors or employers from a standard rooted in 19th-century labor law.
The bungled prosecutions of two Chinese-American professionals suggest the United States is being rash in its effort to fight economic espionage.
After a period of estrangement, King Salman’s visit to Washington was a sign of renewed cooperation.
While most experts don’t expect that an increase in interest rates will lead to 2008-style instability, tighter monetary policy could expose frailties in the financial system.
The automaker is facing regulatory action in the United States over accusations that it installed software to evade smog-fighting standards.
For decades, there's been a grudging consensus for Britain's membership in the European Union. Now it's broken.
Despite market pressures, Mr. Lambert is working to expand the brand's universe.
At the last minute, he said, a rebel leader tried to back out of a crucial part of the deal, a deadline to sign a final accord.
After Prime Minister David Cameron said he wanted better conditions from the European Union if Britain was to remain a member, a French official said the talk lacked details.
As officials warned that conditions in Iraq could send waves of displaced people to Europe, anti-migrant demonstrations erupted in Finland.
The country’s creditors should now recognize that Mr. Tsipras is not a passing phenomenon.
Turbulence in a financial market has caused speculation that college students will see federal loans dry up.
This week, consumer spending and personal income for August will be reported, Trevor Noah will take over “The Daily Show,” and Tesla will unveil an S.U.V.
The compromise was reached with environmental groups and industry but drew criticism that it did not go far enough to protect the bird known for its courtship strut.
Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker will conduct the first high-level negotiations since the White House announced normalizing relations with Cuba.
John McDonnell, Labour’s newly appointed shadow chancellor of the Exchequer, moved to calm fears that the party would turn away from centrist economic policies of the past.
The rules are meant to sharply cut planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions from power plants and ultimately transform America’s electricity industry.
The free-market British newspaper, a 50 percent stake of which is up for sale, has a complex trust system that essentially ensures its journalistic mission.
I’d certainly pay a nickel for the candidates’ thoughts.
Consumers may welcome lower prices of products like gasoline, but the decline in global commodity markets could be a sign of trouble ahead.
The island is broke because of an oppressive economic system.
President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has made the project the cornerstone of his plans to revive the economy, but the benefits pledged have not eased investors’ doubts.
The bill was relegated to the Senate’s to-do list for September, reflecting a pattern of delays since the Republicans took control this year.
Our nightly rundown will get you caught up on the day’s big stories.
The British lender announced plans in June to shed jobs and sell underperforming businesses as it seeks to cut $5 billion in annual costs by 2017.
The Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island is establishing a slavery museum and reconciliation center in an old cathedral as part of an effort to acknowledge its own complicity in the slave trade.
We’ve asked travel experts for their thoughts on how Puerto Rico’s financial crisis will affect the island’s $7 billion tourism industry.
The president’s executive order, if issued, would force any company that contracts with the federal government to issue paid leave to sick employees, potentially affecting hundreds of thousands of workers.
We must fight terror emanating from within with the same fervor that we fight terrorism on our borders.
The authorities arrested Abdul Rahman Haroun, who evaded 400 security cameras and walked about 30 miles underground, dodging trains traveling at up to 100 miles per hour.
Donald Trump is fundamentally absurd, but so are his rivals, and that’s what their party requires.
The governor of the Bank of England warns about risks to global financial stability.
Beware the tomato that masquerades as a true Italian.
Francis has differed significantly from his predecessors with his outspoken style and his approach to leading the church. Here is a look at some of his comments on poverty, church reform, climate change and divorce.
Contradiction is more than just a sign of a changing Cuba — it is a fundamental characteristic of it.
China's slowing economy is creeping into Hong Kong's, but Financial Secretary John Tsang is optimistic and sees no need for a change in the U.S. dollar peg for the local currency. Tara Joseph reports.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's new government will have to rebuild Egypt's economy amid worries about turmoil  Deborah Gembara reports.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has announced a plan to raise gross domestic product by around 22 percent to 600 trillion Japanese yen ($5 trillion).  As Sonia Legg reports, he is refocusing on the economy after the passage of controversial security bills eroded his popularity

A visual guide to why a deal with Greece is so critical to Europe.
China’s devaluation of the renminbi was the latest in a series of moves over the past two months to help boost the slowing Chinese economy.
Stocks fell in a choppy trading session after the latest minutes raised concerns about the global economy. Bobbi  Rebell reports.
Spain's economy grew at its fastest quarterly pace in over eight years in the second quarter, underpinning projections for strong growth in the rest of the year.  As Sonia Legg reports the recovery comes as the country prepares for elections later this year.
With China's economy on the decline, Chinese diners are pickier than ever about where to spend their money - and foreign fast food giants like Yum Brands and McDonald's are struggling to boost sales. Anita Li reports.
German growth accelerated in the second quarter, but by less than expected, while France's economy came to a standstill, amid concerns about China. Kirsty Basset reports.
Despite continued concerns about the Greek debt crisis and China's economy, U.S. stocks closed out Tuesday's choppy session with gains. Bobbi Rebell reports.
President Obama may be about to visit his father's homeland but Kenya's economy is facing some big challenges. As Grace Pascoe reports the Kenyan shilling has lost more than 8 percent of its value this year, largely due to the strength of the dollar.
Obama's visit to Kenya, his father's homeland, will focus on security and economy but Kenyans are making their own wish lists for what achievements his trip will bring. Mana Rabiee reports.
Business confidence in Germany improved in July after two monthly drops, as an agreement between Greece and its creditors for talks on a third bailout lifted the mood at firms in Europe's largest economy. Sonia Legg reports.
A raft of China data from over the weekend didn't paint a very positive picture of the world's second-largest economy. It could add pressure on Beijing to ease policy. Ryan Brooks reports.
Falling commodity prices pulled Britain's FTSE down 0.6 percent, as China's economy slows. Hayley Platt reports.
Fears about China's economy have kept markets under pressure again ahead of minutes from last month's U.S. Federal Reserve meeting. As Sonia Legg reports European stocks fell after a rollercoaster day in Asia.
Factory activity in China shrinks August according to an initial reading of the country’s mammoth manufacturing sector, putting even more pressure and scrutiny on the world’s second largest economy. Meg Teckman reports.
Ahold and Rabobank, two of the Netherland’s biggest businesses report strong growth indicating an improving Dutch economy after two years of recession. Hayley Platt reports on its progress.
A move from China's Central Bank to kick start its wavering economy was welcomed by investors. Shares, oil and core bond yields all extended gains in midsession European trade on Tuesday. Ciara Lee reports.
A strong rise in German exports outstripped gains in imports to power growth of 0.4 percent in Europe's largest economy in the second quarter, new data shows.  But as Sonia Legg reports there are fears China could damage Europe's slow recovery.
World shares have sagged again as investors fear fresh rate cuts in China may not be enough to stabilise its slowing economy or halt a stocks collapse. As Ciara Lee reports Europe's main stock markets reopened 2 percent down.
Syriza is nosing ahead again to reclaim its lead ahead of Greece's general election, according to the latest opinion poll.  While Grexit may be off the cards for now, the country's economy is still the main battleground between the main parties.  David Pollard reports.
A worrying sign for the health of China’s overall economy, the country’s manufacturing sector contracted the fastest pace in several years according to twin surveys for August. Meg Teckman reports.
German industrial output rose in July at its fastest pace so far this year.  As Grace Pascoe reports it suggests the engine room of Europe's largest economy made a robust start to the second half despite a turbulent global backdrop.
As thousands risk their lives to reach Europe this summer, Jacob Greaves looks at what migrants offer European economies.
United States President Barack Obama says that the United States has to lead the world in transitioning into a clean energy economy. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
Weak economic data out of China stoked fears the world's second largest economy is slowing down which could hamper global growth. Shartia Brantley reports.
The euro zone economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter mainly because of faster growth in Italy and Greece.  As David Pollard reports, economic data also showed German exports and imports at record highs and Spanish house prices rising fast.
As Britain's Queen becomes the country's longest serving monarch her value to be the economy is being put to the test.  As Ciara Lee reports one study suggests "The Firm", as the royal family is often known, is now worth £57 billion while the monarchy is wealthier than ever.
The Bank of Japan kept monetary policy steady for September but gave a bleaker outlook on the state of the economy than the more optimistic view given at previous meetings. Meg Teckman reports.
Stocks in Malaysia get a 4.6 billion dollar boost from the government as the economy suffers from a falling local currency and the wake of a political scandal involving the Prime Minister. Meg Teckman reports.
The U.S. economy grew by 3.7 percent during the second quarter. Economists differ on how the GDP data will impact the timing of an interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve. Shartia Brantley reports.
Japan saw a recovery in exports in June on the back of a pick-up in sales of cars and electronics but trade with China may be under threat as the world's second largest economy slows. Meg Teckman reports.
Chinese trade figures unexpectedly beat forecasts in June but analysts believe the economy is still on its slow trajectory and may hit lower than 7 percent growth in the second quarter of the year. Meg Teckman reports.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's announcement triggers the start of a marathon 11-week campaign that is likely to focus on a sluggish economy and his decade in power. Rough Cut (no reporter narration)
UK haulage companies say the Calais migrant crisis could be costing the UK economy a quarter of a billion pounds a day.  But, as David Pollard reports, the numbers of those trying to cross the English Channel from the French port are dwarfed by a growing migrant crisis on the Serbian/Hungarian border.
No morning in that aspect of America.
Bubble bursting in the Middle Kingdom?
A Paris meeting ahead of this year’s climate negotiations charted a host of social and technical paths toward a sustainable human relationship with the climate.
