The president, having finally freed himself from Republican obstructionists, should do his utmost to fix an obsolete, unjust system.
With the 200, Chrysler has finally come up with a credible family sedan, helping to erase memories of the last version.
As Americans celebrate the Fourth of July in blazing red, white and blue, the emphasis this year is on the blue.
Secretary of State John Kerry, at a high-level gathering of Chinese and American officials, called on China to support the creation of a legally binding code of maritime conduct.
More than three years after Myanmar’s ruling generals propelled the country on an ambitious journey toward democracy, security forces are back on the streets.
Opinions about presidents change, people. Yeah, it’s bad being Barack Obama right now, but it’s way worse to be Warren Harding.
The French dislike modernity. They mistrust it. That is the nub of the problem.
Laws demanding client confidentiality create a bind for those who cooperate with inquiries into tax evasion.
Presenting the Federal Reserve’s biannual report on monetary policy, Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, said the economy was growing, but slowly.
Image issues affect both male and female leaders, the latest debate set off by President François Hollande of France’s glasses.
A rural Connecticut program teaches perennials, permaculture and pickling. But no work on the Sabbath.
The slowness of the effort to reduce risk in this important sector is a depressing indication of the overall state of affairs in the financial system.
The financial problems of a powerful family have given investors a reminder of the difficulties that Portugal still faces.
Energy companies form the backbone of the Russian economy, and they increasingly turn to China when they need cheap capital.
The growth in private, unregulated stock exchanges raises questions about risks both to investors and to the larger economy.
For the last few years, Medicare spending has been below projections, a trend as mystifying as it is welcome.
Sudan’s ailing president has made a militia notorious for its atrocities into his personal army.
From taxi rides to overnight stays, the sharing economy is growing rapidly, and creating a village where your reputation is everything.
New regulations could lead to the closing of the last cigar factory in the historic Ybor City, a Tampa neighborhood that was once home to scores of cigar makers.
We’ve finally reached the point where the do-nothing, delay-everything Congress has reached its logical position.
The debate over parole for apartheid killers reveals that South Africa’s truth and reconciliation was a mirage.
A global comparative study on the financial literacy of 15-year-olds has placed a spotlight on the growing importance of economic competency training in secondary schools.
Instead of panicking, the West should realize that the hawks have not won the debate in Beijing.
The Great Northern Paper mill in Millinocket, Me., spurred prosperity for generations. But the plant has shut down, and the town is flailing for a new direction.
Now the former House majority leader is looking for his own max deal.
In Gaza, anxious eyes scan the night sky for any warning of the bombs that rain.
A group of big nations with big, if diverse, interests opens a new bank.
Its economic boom heavily dependent on the emission-producing energy industry, Texas has resisted evidence of climate change, even within its own borders.
A special onus falls on Britain, whose flag some Hong Kongers waved during recent protests.
Gas tax increases are unpopular, so Congress is turning to some wishful math to pay for road repairs.
The plants that are likely to be shut down employ more than 1,500 people and account for about 40 percent of the company’s refining capacity in Italy.
Joko Widodo, the governor of Jakarta, was declared the winner of Indonesia’s presidential election, completing an improbable ascent to leader of the world’s fourth-most populous nation.
“Sadomonetarism,” the interests of the 0.01 percent and the politicization of economics.
The new prime minister has promised to tackle Varanasi’s many problems and to turn the downtrodden city into a showcase of culture and small business.
When does Janet L. Yellen go from economist in chief to the market strategist in chief? And should investors listen to her views?
The additional measures adopted by the European Union and the United States are designed to exact a heavy price from President Vladimir Putin, and deservedly so.
Uncertainty over the independence referendum may have dampened the budding recovery in Scotland’s property market, but there are signs of stabilization and even improvement.
Robert McDonald, a former Army officer and Procter & Gamble executive, may have been handed his biggest challenge with his confirmation as secretary of Veterans Affairs.
A new report says inequality is causing slower growth. It is not a novel conclusion. The surprise is the source: Standard & Poor’s.
Ford has been the leading seller of commercial vans in America for more than 30 years. Now, it is offering a new approach to cargo hauling.
The central bank moved to limit family control of the bank, after a staggering first-half loss, and ordered it to raise more funds.
An economic analysis buried in regulations requires weighing public benefits against the happiness smokers might lose in quitting.
The rescue of a huge lender is an object lesson in the erratic way Europe has tried to fix the system.
Chrysler’s big vehicles, especially Jeeps, continue to power its performance, while the company’s passenger cars have lagged.
Tom Petty, Shawn Mendes and Hermán Olivera are among the artists with new albums.
The United States and Europe began a joint effort to curb Russia’s long-term ability to develop new oil resources, taking aim at a source of Kremlin power in retaliation for its intervention in Ukraine.
Professor Hall was best known for proposing zones to help impoverished cities with no industry that needed drastic assistance.
Recreational ranches offer the ultimate anti-Hamptons getaway.
In three hours of back-and-forth questioning, it appeared that neither side could take victory for granted in the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, where the cases were heard.
For the first time since 2007, lenders have eased their standards for loans and have noted an increase in demand for them, a central bank survey found.
As expected, the Federal Reserve announced it would reduce its monthly bond purchases to $25 billion and would continue to hold short-term interest rates near zero.
Artur Mas, the head of Catalonia’s regional government, told the Spanish prime minister that plans for a November vote on secession remained on track.
The president said that his policies had reaped rewards despite a lack of cooperation by Congress.
A fractious country, Nepal has been united in its embrace of Narendra Modi, the first Indian prime minister in 17 years to make a state visit here.
Since the 1940s, Democratic presidents have presided over healthier economies than Republican presidents. Whether that actually means anything is another story.
Judges in The Hague could rule on a case brought against the Russian Federation, and the Fed may cut its monthly bond purchases to $25 billion.
While the amendment would not affect federal laws governing agriculture, its possible effect on local and state laws is unclear.
Few nonprofit organizations are helping unemployed men find interview suits, but the ones that do are making a big difference.
When the British tax authorities struck a landmark deal with the Swiss to crack down on tax evasion, they sat back and waited for the cash to flow in. Almost three years later, they are still waiting.
The gap between the rich and poor in the United States has grown so wide that it is inflicting a lot of economic damage and makes a new case for trickle-up economics.
The evolution to more frugal, deinstitutionalized living that has created the sharing economy may also lead to less involvement of government in everyday life.
The capital city, Vilnius, is steadily becoming a more international market, though the vast majority of buyers are still Lithuanian, according to brokers.
While the police in France have refused to release his identity, the French news media reported that it was Prince Abdul Aziz, 41, who was ambushed by gunmen in a Hollywood-style robbery.
The world’s central bankers made clear at an annual policy conference in Wyoming that they were focused on raising employment and wages.
Manuel Valls announced plans to dissolve the government after a rancorous battle in his cabinet over the direction of the economy.
We largely avoided the 2007 crash but didn't learn from it. Now we're facing our own bailouts.
A book offers an optimistic view of the effects of technology, but its arguments have one big blind spot: human behavior.
Neel Kashkari, the Republican candidate for governor of California, spent a week pretending to be homeless in Fresno, Calif., an experiment that added some sorely needed publicity to his campaign while also attracting some ridicule.
South Korean education produces ranks of overachieving students who pay a stiff price in health and happiness.
Sure, they look powerful, but as development projects they have failed mightily.
To sidestep Senate approval, President Obama’s negotiators are devising what they call a “politically binding” deal to “name and shame” countries into cutting their emissions.
A day after infighting led to the collapse of the government, Prime Minister Manuel Valls appointed centrist political allies in a bid to crush an open rebellion in his Socialist Party.
A leading Chinese scholar was sent to Hong Kong to make Beijing’s case for how the territory should choose its top official.
America can’t afford to maintain the world’s reserve currency.
Arnaud Montebourg, who bucked the French government’s line on austerity, warned that Europe must overcome an obsession with budget deficits.
The figure modestly increases the Congressional Budget Office’s April projection that spending would exceed revenue by $492 billion. The change was attributed to lower-than-expected corporate income tax receipts.
Nightly artillery firing across the border intensified in mid-August and reportedly has killed two Indian civilians and four Pakistani civilians.
Entrepreneurs say the new way of consuming is part of a growing, post-recession movement to value experiences over possessions.
Political spin and convenient lies surrounded the Ukraine crisis, while the difficult choices posed by ISIS remained unaddressed by President Obama.
No civilized country can shirk its responsibility to fight a global scourge.
One of the grand old men of education policy says test-based accountability has got to go.
Businesses and individuals with about $4 billion in frozen deposits at Bulgaria's fourth-largest bank are struggling to pay their bills after a government takeover of the lender in June.
As president, you get only a few real moments of testing, but the right judgment can make a difference in history.
The West must back Kiev militarily or back down from Russia.
In an interview Sunday, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia veered between veiled threats and demands that the Ukraine government negotiate directly with separatists.
The writer of the popular career guide, first commercially published in 1972, updates the book each year, but some of its original points are still true.
After all the talk about how providing health care to the uninsured would be unaffordable and unsustainable, it turns out that it isn’t hard at all.
What happened to the G.O.P.’s vision of broader opportunity?
Students need an unvarnished picture of our past and the skills to understand and interpret that picture.
Puerto Rico’s status as a tax haven is beginning to catch on, and some are betting big bucks that the trickle of Americans buying property there will soon become a stream.
Investors do not believe that the bank will show sufficient determination to stick with easy money policies.
The Power Wagon is Ram’s ultimate off-roader, suited for big obstacles and big spaces. It’s more than trail-ready, as long as those trails are wide.
Sweden is now sharply divided over big, emotive issues like immigration and the future of the welfare state.
With the midterm elections in sight, President Obama went to Milwaukee to try to refocus attention on an economic policy issue that could help his party.
Five years into an economic recovery in which corporate profits have surged, the number and quality of jobs are still lagging badly, as are wages and salaries.
Neel Kashkari, the little-known Republican trying to unseat Gov. Jerry Brown, relentlessly portrayed Mr. Brown’s governorship as a failure Thursday in the campaign’s one scheduled debate.
Gov. Jerry Brown faces a little-known challenger, as well as the possibility of a second term without a voter mandate or much political capital.
Lessons from the boss of the original boardwalk empire.
There is disagreement among Republicans about whether they should focus efforts to win a Senate majority on the president’s perceived incompetence.
The Fed vice chairman, Stanley Fischer, told a conference in Sweden that growth had been disappointing, possibly reflecting a structural shift in the global economy.
Misguided European Union policies are impeding further economic recovery.
Thousands of people, many with connections to mainland China, expressed their opposition to a planned sit-in by pro-democracy activists who call themselves Occupy Central With Love and Peace.
An economist says companies’ moves abroad offer another reminder that it’s time to rethink the entire tax system — and to base it on consumption.
Prayuth Chan-ocha, who led the overthrow of Thailand’s government in May, was named prime minister Thursday by a rubber-stamp legislature.
More than six months after protesters drove Viktor F. Yanukovych from power, his lavish estate displays how difficult it is to bring about a real break with Ukraine’s past.
In his first public statement since his ouster, former President Hosni Mubarak recited the achievements of what he called a 62-year career of service to Egypt.
Gov. Rick Perry and Senator Ted Cruz spoke at the RedState Gathering in Fort Worth this month and both received enthusiastic support from attendees, highlighting a growing tension in Texas politics.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, seeking to retain power despite a term limit in his current post, took 52 percent of the vote, according to unofficial results.
For all the fears that curbing carbon emissions will put the brakes on economic growth, it might actually enhance it.
Dr. Fein’s ethical and humanitarian perspectives on national health care were influential from the Truman administration to President Obama’s Affordable Care Act.
Some of Kansas’ staunchest Republicans have found some of Gov. Sam Brownback’s measures to be too far to the right, and have endorsed Paul Davis, the Democratic candidate.
The rules would make it more difficult for American companies to lower their tax bills by relocating overseas and would wipe out the benefits for those that do.
An artist manager and others are working to save the studio where Dolly Parton recorded “Jolene,” a space scheduled to be leveled to make room for condos.
The important news was the convergence of a NATO summit meeting, the beginnings of a cease-fire in Ukraine and the commitment to destroy ISIS.
Additional sanctions and increased military pressure will not, by themselves, help define a way forward.
If confirmed, the former Danish finance minister will inherit delicate investigations into powerful foreign companies.
The militant group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is meant to weaken Iran and its allies, many Iranians say.
No state has seen stronger gains in employment since the recession, but the recovery has proved to be something of an abstraction to voters.
A committee headed by Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer will oversee the work of the Office of Financial Stability Policy and Research and help the bank set the pace of its retreat from economic stimulus.
Independence could make Scotland vulnerable to serious problems that cannot be easily dismissed.
Israel experiments with modern observances of the Jewish “shmita,” a traditional rest period for farmers that comes every seventh year.
Democrats have said the ability to mobilize women, particularly those struggling with minimum wage jobs, could determine whether the party holds the Senate.
The Ricketts family, which bought the Cubs in 2009 and promised a winner, has faced all sorts of bedevilments on the field and off. And then there are the neighbors across the street.
The 2015 Escalade remains mostly unchanged, a cartoonish rear-drive barge laden with the pomp and pretension that used to be Cadillac’s mainstay.
Today’s automobiles are beeping and chirping at us, raising lights like stage curtains, playing little movies on our screens and serenading us with theme melodies.
A modest victory for Russia in Ukraine was actually the least-bad outcome to be expected.
How to communicate in a global workplace? It takes skill — and an abundance of flexibility.
President François Hollande indicated that France’s role in fighting the Islamic State would be limited to air support in Iraq, with no French airstrikes in Syria.
The Affordable Care Act will greatly affect health care costs in the next decade and beyond, but in what ways is still unclear.
The very bad economics of independence.
The governor signed bills to make it easier for low-income Californians to obtain plug-in vehicles ahead of speaking engagements at the United Nations’ Climate Summit 2014.
Charles Plosser, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, said that he would retire in March. Richard Fisher, president of the Federal Reserve of Dallas, is required to step down in April.
Income for most Americans has not recovered since the recession ended, and, at the recent rate of progress, it won’t for a long time, if ever.
The revised rate of 0.4 percent for the currency bloc is unlikely to end a debate about whether the eurozone is at risk of deflation.
The independence movement in Scotland was another sign of widespread dissatisfaction with an established order that has failed to deliver.
A global commission is challenging the widespread belief that efforts to reduce global warming would carry a steep price.
French leaders are facing the pressure of their own weakened economy and the continuing austerity push of the German chancellor, Angela Merkel.
Plentiful jobs at good pay, the critical underpinning of a strong economy, are still not in the cards.
Historically, wealthy Latin Americans have had little interest in philanthropic giving aimed at solving social problems, but that is slowly changing.
And this time their ships are laden with a new generation of thought-provoking objects and design ideas.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
As Prime Minister David Cameron’s party trails in polls, one minister quits in a scandal and another legislator defects to the U.K. Independence Party.
With inflation dipping to 0.3 percent and unemployment remaining at 11.5 percent, the E.U. received more unwelcome news before the central bank meets.
Solutions to “intractable” problems could be closer than we think.
The promise of “one country, two systems” was supposed to last until 2047. How far will President Xi go if protesters stand their ground?
Since Congress refused to act on immigration reform, it is the president’s duty to use his executive authority to protect unauthorized immigrants from deportation.
Coming off a year when it was forced to raise capital by selling new shares, the German steel-making conglomerate said sales rose 8% for the quarter.
Experts say the struggle of two entrepreneurs highlights how the myriad rules governing driving schools — and 36 other highly regulated professions — stifle competition and inflate prices in France.
Massachusetts approved legislation in 2011 to allow three casinos and a slots parlor, and voters will decide in November whether to repeal the law before a single casino has been built.
Dance
A New York Times/CBS News poll shows that President Obama’s approval ratings are similar to those of President George W. Bush in 2006 when Democrats swept both houses of Congress in the midterm elections.
This collection of columns takes a look behind the numbers to show hidden trends and relationships over a range of science and health topics.
Inadequate transportation, electrical service and telecommunications add up to a multibillion-dollar drain on the economy.
While animal rights activists say the guanaco should be protected, ranchers say leaving the population unchecked could put the economy at risk.
A regional conflict between traditional South Indian fisherman and the government of Sri Lanka exposed deep environmental problems in the globalized economy.
The 2015 Outback is significantly better in everything, from handling to fuel economy, without surrendering its core role as practical all-weather transportation.
The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Esther George, discusses on CNBC recent improvements in the economy.
The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Esther George, discussed on CNBC recent improvements in the economy.
The New York State Common Retirement Fund is hiring Goldman Sachs to manage $2 billion of the $180 billion it holds for state employees. Goldman will also be advising the fund more broadly on its entire $100 billion portfolio of stocks.
The stalled eurozone would be much better off powered once again by a dual engine.
Today in Politics: Obama at the U.N., the Republican governors’ money machine, and Newt Gingrich’s C-Span flub.
Scott Brown goes on the attack in New Hampshire against Senator Jeanne Shaheen.
Rachel Swarns, who writes the Working Life column, explains why she pursued the story of Maria Fernandes, who died in between work shifts.
Central bankers have seen signs of market exuberance, but the Federal Reserve has been slow to pop the bubbles, Jesse Eisinger writes in The Trade.
In this lesson we offer a series of topics and questions paired with Times essays, articles, slide shows and videos to help students dig deeper into the causes, effects and overall legacy of World War I.
A scientist with the Global Carbon Project argues that China holds the key to promoting renewable energy and limiting global warming.
Attributing unemployment to benefits that don’t exist anymore.
Frigid conservative fantasies.
A close look at the intensifying dance between the United States and China over how to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
IBM is cutting the pay of some of its services workers by 10 percent while they are being trained in cloud, mobile and big data computing.
Some ideas for connecting “The Giver” to a larger discussion about the popularity of dystopian literature, as well as options for going further to explore other aspects of the book with the help of Times and Learning Network resources.
The Alibaba Group, the e-commerce behemoth in China, makes a splashy debut to close the day up 38 percent from its I.P.O. price of $68 a share.
You’re all bums on welfare.
The perfect man must not be criticized.
Dollar General offered to buy Family Dollar Stores for $8.9 billion, hoping to break up its fellow deep-discount retailer Family Tree’s agreed-upon $8.5 billion merger with Family Dollar.
This was all predictable — and predicted.
Republicans well aware of the good work being done by AmeriCorps nevertheless shrink from voicing objection when their colleagues put it on the chopping block.
The pipeline group Kinder Morgan plans to reorganize as a single corporation. | The drop in Treasury yields has confounded experts. | An investor group is considering legal action after being burned by losses on Portuguese bank bonds. | A Stanford finance professor is rapidly gaining a broader audience.
The 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.42 percent with some analysts contending the decline was a response to current events.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index briefly topped 2,000 before closing a bit shy of the mark following a meeting of central bankers in Jackson Hole, Wyo., last weekend.
The running track atop the school building provides enough play and exercise space for 1,600 students at a time, the school’s principal told Chinese radio.
The offering tested the appetite of investors for yet another midsize lender, in a year that has seen many seek public listings.
Alibaba’s founder spoke of building his company and creating jobs, Bill George writes in an Another View column. “They call me ‘Crazy Jack,’” Mr. Ma said. “I hope to stay crazy for the next 30 years.”
Nearly a year after President Xi Jinping announced that China’s economy would increasingly be guided by market forces, many foreign companies are finding life more difficult.
Alibaba soared in its public market debut. | Siemens agreed to buy the Dresser-Rand Group. | EMC weighed a deal with H.P. | Public pension funds may be souring on hedge funds.
Loaves, fishes, and inflation.
Banco Santander posted second-quarter net income of €1.45 billion, or about $1.95 billion, outpacing the €1.05 billion it earned in the same period in 2013 as it benefited from an improving economic environment.
Representative Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin sat down with The Times’s John Harwood to discuss his antipoverty proposal, the performance of Congress and his political future.
Why you shouldn’t take anti-Keynesians seriously.
From sports to commerce, Britain embraces “Wimbledonization,” the idea that no matter the outcome, it is much better to have all the players on its home turf.
In a Q. and A., Porter Erisman, a former Alibaba vice president who made a documentary about the company, discusses life at Alibaba’s early days and working with Jack Ma.
JPMorgan Chase’s results exceed analyst expectations even as the bank grappled with lackluster revenue from trading and a slowdown in mortgage lending.
Opinions on the Afghanistan compromise, German surveillance, fortifying the highway fund and Chicago football’s impact on the brain.
Why have states like Indiana managed to create accessible resources for busy and struggling parents while others are stuck in the dark ages?
The New York Fed finds fault with Deutsche Bank’s financial reporting procedures and oversight. | New laws are needed for a new Gilded Age. | Big lenders are devising low-fee banking services intended for customers with troubled finances. | William A. Ackman’s presentation on Herbalife fell short of expectations.
AbbVie agreed on Friday to buy the Irish drug maker Shire for around $54 billion. | Alibaba has pushed its I.P.O. to September. | Growth in wealth management bolstered Morgan Stanley’s second-quarter profit. | New York State’s top financial regulator has proposed regulations for virtual currency companies.
How well do you know Wall Street’s second-quarter earnings results?
E-commerce in India is attracting buyers in a society where Internet access is increasing, and international investors are starting to take note.
A court has ruled that unless Argentina settles a debt dispute with a hedge fund, it is barred from paying its main bondholders.
Through a partnership with the Bitcoin exchange start-up Vaurum, the venture capitalist intends to make the coins available for use in emerging markets.
