The siren song of the luxe life compels Kia owners to test-drive Teslas, but Sample Nation beware: The cosmetic companies are onto us.
The when and what kind of tests depend on the state, but make sure your children take the tutorial about using the computer.
Finance ministers from the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum are meeting Tuesday and Wednesday in Beijing. Sudhir Shetty of the World Bank looks at the issues.
Building wealth through home equity doesn’t have the gloss it used to, but some areas are still promising.
It promises to get rid of a loophole that helps big multinationals — but, wait, here comes another to replace it.
The British writer John Lanchester demystifies the financial world in “How to Speak Money: What the Money People Say — And What It Really Means.”
Japan overlooks the merits of its own culture out of a blinding insecurity about its international standing.
Hekkie Budler is preparing to defend the two belts he holds in the minimumweight division, the lightest sanctioned classification in boxing.
Can China continue its torrid pace of economic growth for decades to come? The long arc of history suggests not, according to a paper by Harvard’s Lant Pritchett and Lawrence Summers.
We're not Luddites. We just don't like cowboy capitalism.
All seven teams taking part in the nine-leg sailing race that starts Saturday are using identical boats produced in the same British shipyard.
Too many finance ministers and central bankers are unwilling or ill prepared to respond to a world economy on the verge of a recession.
Vicente Carrillo Fuentes, who was arrested in the northern city of Torreon, is accused of running the Juarez ring with an eye for killing and a thirst for allies.
The eccentric scion of a prominent Dallas family that made a fortune in oil, Mr. Hunt tried and failed to corner the world’s silver market in 1980.
The legislation aims to arm the Putin government with a way to compensate insider businessmen who the West had hoped would convince the Russian leader to reverse his course in Ukraine.
Frightening headlines and regional strife hasn’t slowed international travelers, whose numbers continue to rise.
The decline in oil prices is no accident. What’s really playing out here?
Urban growth is the real force for change in Lone Star politics.
President Dilma Rousseff emerged on Sunday as the front-runner, but she failed to win a majority of the vote, opening the way for a runoff with Aécio Neves.
Despite a bold speech at the Conservatives’ party convention, the British prime minister still faces a tough road to re-election next year.
Mr. Duvalier returned to Haiti in 2011 after a 25-year exile and continued to defend what human rights workers called one of the most oppressive governments in the Western Hemisphere.
The country’s farming households are expected to bear the brunt as the central bank predicts economic growth of 1.5 percent this year.
A number of countries have gotten rich since the 1970s, but not by following orthodox economic advice.
Voters in one of the European Union’s poorest countries worry that another fragmented Parliament will make it harder to revive growth and tackle corruption.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Based on the XL1 economy concept, the XL Sport concept is powered by the same 197-horsepower 2-cylinder engine used in the Ducati 1199 Superleggera.
The new model year brings changes for vehicles of all types and sizes.
A "frozen conflict" in Ukraine would be the best result for that country, as well as for Russia, the European Union and the global economy.
Margareta Wahlstrom, the top United Nations official on disasters, said the frequency of global hurricanes, flooding and other natural events would continue to rise.
Television highlights.
ChumpCar positions itself as a back-to -the-roots racing series, recalling an era when shade-tree mechanics could take their everyday Pontiacs and MGs, in whatever condition, to a track.
There was a lot of Putin envy going around earlier this year. Oh how things have changed.
Members of the upper house of Parliament are facing outrage over reports that they rejected a proposal to save money on lawmakers’ bubbly.
New books by technology experts examine consumer-ranking techniques in widespread use, but offer different advice on how people might protect themselves.
You surely haven’t heard this in the news, but 2014 was a year in which the federal government showed that it can do some important things very well.
In a case that could raise Title IX and gender-equity issues, Minnesota-Duluth decided to part ways with the highest-paid women’s hockey coach in Division I.
The impact of the currency turmoil on Central and Eastern European nations will depend on how much each country relies on Russian trade and visitors.
Officials and analysts say that the ruble’s nose dive has put pressure on the Russian president to take a more flexible position on Ukraine.
President Obama has again enforced environmental policy by executive action, extending a ban on oil and gas exploration in Bristol Bay, Alaska, home to major fisheries and marine mammals.
The vast majority of Greeks are still experiencing the hardships of reform, with little evidence that the measures are working.
With exports dropping, China and other Asian nations should stimulate domestic demand.
The president said what he heard from voters Tuesday was to “get stuff done,” and he pointed out areas where he thinks agreement could be reached.
Experts question whether the plans that the Continent has sketched out to achieve a 40 percent cut are strong enough to meet its goal.
The 30 percent decline in oil prices in recent months has shaken the solidarity of the 12-member Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Prime Minister David Cameron said he would make Britain a less-attractive place for migrants to seek employment and would try to impose a four-year waiting period for social and welfare benefits.
While formal business plans can still be required to get a loan, more new companies are skipping creating one, considering it a relic of the old economy.
David Cameron's proposed policy to impose quotas on European Union immigrants would have flouted one of the European Union's core principles.
Contractors with billions of dollars at stake could be big losers, but European Union officials said a meeting next week on the project would still take place.
The reason for the government’s sudden shift, analysts say, was that Zaki Bani Rushaid crossed a political line by lashing out at the United Arab Emirates, an ally.
A victory for Ko Wen-je, a physician who has cultivated an outsider image, would be a sharp defeat for Taiwan’s governing party in a city considered its stronghold.
Palestinian security forces were supposed to help build a state. Instead, they’ve become a tool of the occupation.
The Yoox Group, an Italian company that has emerged as a global leader in online luxury, is scrambling to keep ahead in a market it helped invent.
Holiday spending is always closely watched — too closely — as an indicator of the nation’s economic health.
The 1984 Pontiac Fiero made its debut with a captivating design and a midengine layout, but disappointment set in quickly as it developed a reputation for a stiff ride and lackluster quality.
Whose irresponsible behavior is at the core of the region’s slow-motion disaster?
The creator of VKontakte, Russia’s most popular social network, sold his stake and left after clashes with the Putin government.
Shadowed by the violence in neighboring Ukraine, the vote became another fierce contest between the West and Russia for influence in a former Soviet republic.
The move extends Mr. Iovine’s wide reach in entertainment and technology.
As another round of fiscal brinkmanship looms with Republican control of Congress, the impact on tax policy, government programs and the overall economy could be severe.
States and school districts are falling short of their legal obligation to provide children with equal resources regardless of race.
Why America won’t build infrastructure.
Karnes City, a small Texas community enjoying an oil drilling bonanza, is taking a more cautious approach to growth, keeping new businesses like strip clubs at bay.
The latest challenge to the Affordable Care Act could affect the ability of many people to pay for health insurance.
When President Obama visits China on Monday, authorities there are likely to dwell more on his electoral reversals than on the robust American economy, analysts say.
“If I don’t succeed by the end of my term, do you think I will present myself to the French people in 2017?” the French president said.
After President Obama urged the F.C.C. to set tougher net neutrality rules, questions loom about decreased competition and the cost of monitoring.
Veterans should be protected from exploitation by for-profit schools that get government grants.
It was unclear whether the changes marked the start of a shift toward better news on the economics of higher education or just a temporary pause in more worrisome trends.
As Tom Wheeler tries to thread the needle of politics and public policy, he must face down Congress and a technology industry wary of regulations.
Dilma Rousseff defeated a centrist challenger, Aécio Neves, in a tumultuous race marked by accusations of corruption, personal insults and heated debates.
After a five-year surge for stocks, a market forecaster says it’s time for investors to temper expectations.
The de Blasio administration is revamping the city’s welfare system, with plans to dismantle the largest workfare program in the nation.
The American premiere of Netia Jones’s production of “Curlew River” is part of Lincoln Center’s White Light Festival.
Mr. Bae and Mr. Miller arrived Saturday night at a base near Tacoma, Wash., after a secret negotiation by the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr.
When U2 and Apple forcibly gave away the band’s latest album, it was a misstep for a group that has fought to avoid fading into the background of the pop culture landscape.
In the midterm elections, three out of five whites voted for a Republican House candidate. Why does this keep happening?
The United States and China should both be able to meet the stated goals by aggressively pursuing policies that are largely underway, analysts said.
Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the new leader of Jakarta, the capital of the most populous Muslim-majority nation, says his faith and ethnicity are not political handicaps.
The job market is improving. But absent a surge in the pace of improvement, it will still be too weak to withstand raising interest rates.
The Federal Reserve says that more than 30 percent of Americans report irregular incomes that sabotage efforts to budget and save. Unreliable work hours are cited most often.
The pledge, on the heels of an announcement that the United States and China will commit to curbing greenhouse gas emissions, is expected at the Group of 20 summit meeting this weekend.
The legal action focuses on President Obama’s use of executive powers and on how the administration has handled the Affordable Care Act.
Ever since Chairman Mao, every party leader in China has been a best-selling author.
As China seeks to assert itself as the dominant economic power and strategic partner in Asia, President Xi Jinping has visited Australia, New Zealand and Fiji bestowing largess.
The new European trade commissioner said she and her American counterpart were “very, very committed” to move forward with long-stalled talks.
Despite drawbacks, some immigrants working in technology said the president’s actions could make work in the United States easier.
Populist parties are on the rise in Europe, and if the established parties continue to fail the populace, they could move out of the wings into the forefront.
Leaders of the bloc should consider allowing more time for nations to bring government spending in line with European rules, the group’s chief said.
To confront the challenges they face, Western societies in general and America in particular must recover their vigor and fairness.
In a speech, the European Central Bank’s president indicated that further stimulus measures were likely to be taken in a bid to avert deflation.
Changes are adding complexity to customer relationships, but also creating competitive opportunities for brands prepared to adapt.
The swaps, which operate on the barter system, allow people to diversify their pantries while bolstering their relationships with others in their communities.
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions is simply another step in the transition to cleaner energy.
BuzzFeed, Gawker, The Huffington Post and others offer fellowships that they say are above internships, but the lines are blurring at many media companies.
An offshoot of the sharing economy, virtual villages are popping up all over the country to offer older adults access to resources and social connections that help them age in place.
As property costs in the city continue to soar, even once improbable living spaces — such as so-called microflats — are getting snapped up at astronomical prices.
President Obama has thrown his support behind the idea that Internet access is more like access to electricity than to cable TV.
Should tensions with the West over Ukraine persist, the pipeline could be used to divert energy supplies, currently headed to Europe, to Asia.
Television highlights.
For 2015, BMW is offering an X3 with a turbo diesel engine for $1,500 more than the base gasoline-burning turbo 4.
A standoff began earlier this year when Kurdish officials angered Baghdad by exporting oil produced in their region directly to Turkey and not through the Iraqi Oil Ministry.
Striking back at a critic of Russian capitalism by putting a dead man on trial.
The pipeline would add to the ruin caused by the mining of the tar sands.
More needs to be done to confront the Islamic State — a danger to the country’s survival as well as to its assertion that Islam is a peaceful faith.
The success of Amy de Castro’s venture illustrates the opportunities available to the watch business in South Africa, and the challenges it faces.
The Markit purchasing managers’ index slipped to 51.4 in November, from 52.1 in October, but stayed above 50, indicating expansion.
Expecting a receptive audience, President Obama instead pared down a speech in Chicago on his immigration overhaul as protesters shouted for even more relief.
While presidential elections are shaped largely by economic performance, the largest factor in midterm elections is the president.
Nidaa Tounes has won the largest number of seats in the election, defeating its main rival, the Islamist party Ennahda, according to two analyses of results.
The preliminary results solidified the authority of a government that, despite European backing, has been unable to suppress a pro-Russian separatist movement.
Germany, France and Britain are among 51 participants in the accord, but Switzerland is hesitant and the United States prefers to follow its own path.
British officials said the delay amounted to the halving of a payment of 2.1 billion euros, but ministers of other European countries said Britain would end up paying the full amount.
Twenty-five years after the wall fell, the whole city is vibrant and booming. So why do Berliners still feel divided?
Ed Gillespie, the Republican candidate in Virginia who surprised nearly everyone by running a photo-finish race with Senator Mark R. Warner, conceded on Friday, saying the gap of 16,700 votes was too great to make up in a recount.
The Federal Reserve chairwoman, speaking in Paris, appeared to disagree with critics who have questioned the rigor of a recent eurozone audit.
Would you quit one job before finding the next? Amid upheaval in many industries, many millennials are saying yes.
What is the pipeline, what would it do, who wants to build it and why is it the subject of so much debate?
The home improvement retailer, the target of a cyberattack affecting as many as 56 million customers, beat analysts’ expectations with $1.5 billion in net earnings.
Lower-priced fuels and metals are providing a windfall — and a cause for worry.
The chances for a comprehensive permanent accord that would limit the country’s nuclear program must be kept alive.
The Federal Reserve Board met with about 30 workers and activists at its headquarters on Friday in a gesture of concern for struggling Americans.
Mr. Bendukidze, a biologist and later a wealthy businessman in the final years of the Soviet Union, became an architect of economic and governmental changes in his native Georgia.
New smartphone-connected devices use a car’s diagnostic port to help drivers track fuel usage, troubleshoot mechanical problems, find parking and more.
More than $250 billion a year will pour into renewable energy generation, two-thirds of Asia’s power investment, but the use of fossil fuels is also growing.
Minutes of the October meeting of Federal Reserve policy makers indicate they see little reason to change course and expect steady economic and job growth to continue.
Moscow City was envisioned as a hub of emerging market finance, but Russia’s recent sanctions and economic troubles have kept buildings largely empty.
The Virginia Democrat formed an exploratory committee for 2016, while recognizing the odds against him.
Secularism in schools has been undergoing a transformation that signals a reticence on the part of the government to separate religion from politics.
The way Matteo Renzi plays his hand will affect the way the European Central Bank and the rest of the European Union play their cards.
Sometimes debt relief is in everybody’s interest, but policy makers only seem interested in moral indignation.
Leaders of the International Monetary Fund said that high debt in China and a lack of spending in Europe, among other factors, could provoke a market convulsion.
The negotiations set to begin on Friday will address changing the electoral system, but some students expressed disappointment at the narrow range of the planned talks.
The Hindu right wing seeks, ominously, to rewrite a nation's history.
The project to build the country’s first nuclear power plant since the mid-1990s could encourage companies to build more such sites.
A Colorado resort executive helps prepare a training program for workers to help improve relations with consumers.
With new signs of economic trouble emerging, what has been a guiding European economic principle for several years is facing open revolt.
The Texas Auto Writers Association awards Truck of Texas title to the 2015 Ford F-150; Johan de Nysschen defends Cadillac’s New York move in an op-ed.
The Iranians have signaled that they would accept a “suspension” of the stringent sanctions that have cut their oil revenues and terminated their banking relationships with the West.
Joko Widodo, who was sworn in as president on Monday, comes into office with no foreign policy experience, but will now be sharing a stage with the world’s most powerful leaders.
With the 2015 Colorado, Chevrolet is betting there are buyers who want the utility of a full-size pickup in a somewhat smaller package.
Multiemployer pension plans, often involving unionized workers, were once common in industries like coal mining, trucking and construction. But they’re running out of money.
No, Obamacare wasn’t a mistake. Democrats should be celebrating that they did the right thing.
For German women, there is little reason to think the proposed policy will make any real difference.
The recent high-profile deaths of black people at the hands of police officers have exposed sharp differences about race relations in unexpected and often uncomfortable ways.
It is still too soon to say with any confidence that the labor market has found its footing.
Hoarding gold is the economy’s comfort food.
There are no facts, only interpretations, Nietzsche said, and there was good evidence of that this past week, from Staten Island to Russia.
The Philippines, taking the brunt of disastrous typhoons, is now challenging every nation to embrace emissions reductions.
The prime minister struggles to get the country to change its ways.
A year after it was fully in place, the Affordable Care Act has largely succeeded in delivering on President Obama’s main promises, even as it fell short in some ways and gave birth to a new and powerful conservative movement.
Across the country, 16 percent of prime-age men are not working. Examine non-employment rates for every Census tract.
A new data set suggests that more than three million people would have gained health insurance across 24 states if the Supreme Court had ruled differently.
Jacob J. Lew discussed the impact of oil prices and sanctions on Russia, saying there’s a “perfect storm” of pressures on the country’s economy.
A new data set provides a clearer picture of which people gained health insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
Americans take less time off than they’ve earned. Wouldn’t it be great if we could take just one more day?
Between 2003 and 2012, $6.6 trillion was secretly and illegally funneled out of developing and emerging economies by entities that may have been involved in crime, corruption and tax evasion, according to one study.
A ride with an ethnic Han Chinese woman in the city of Karamay was a reminder of the frictions that have accompanied the economic drive in the oil-rich region of Xinjiang.
Unfinished business will make December a busy month.
The Financial Stability Oversight Council said it deemed MetLife systemically important because of its size, leverage and interconnectedness with other financial institutions.
Introducing the BlackBerry Classic. How a Papa John’s franchisee went from driver to owner. Are these the five best business leaders of 2014?
Two fast-imploding bond issues from Ecuador and Russia are leaving prominent creditors, including BlackRock and Franklin Templeton, in their wakes.
Good Friday morning from Washington, where offices will be clearing out early for the start of the Nationals’ playoff run, Mitt Romney reveals a family man-crush, and the president is keeping in close touch with health officials in Texas.
Just 24 percent of respondents to a Pew Research Center poll correctly picked Janet L. Yellen as the Fed’s chairwoman from a list of four names.
Outsourcing jobs became the focus of the Senate debate on Tuesday night in Georgia.
People sometimes miss that outrage and resistance are guided by love, and the desire to bring honor to life brutally taken.
Democrats have not been able to capitalize on recent positive economic news.
Democrats still have a chance to hold the Senate, but it won’t be easy.
Job growth in October kept pace with the gains for the year, adding 214,000 jobs and giving the Democrats a small victory.
The final debate in the Louisiana Senate race delivered few surprises.
Kyle Massey, an assistant news editor, explains the naming convention used for unpublished articles.
A group backed by the billionaire Koch brothers is shifting tactics in several of the most competitive Senate races and will begin more direct and aggressive attacks on Democratic candidates.
President Obama spoke about manufacturing in a speech Friday to workers at the Millennium Steel Service Company in Princeton, Ind.
Friday’s surprisingly robust jobs report may be too little too late for Democratic candidates to make up ground for the midterms, but it could help President Obama’s party by 2016.
Ocwen should look at Clayton Homes, whose credo puts customers first, writes Lawrence A. Cunningham in Another View.
Some basic, unreadable discussion.
Business schools are struggling to adapt to the new realities of a digital economy. What are the best skills and training for leadership in the future?
Risks abound for ordinary citizens who are piling into the stock markets at a pace not seen since 2007.
James Stewart and Peter Eavis reached out to scores of people who had been part of the New York Fed’s operations in 2008 to produce a Page 1 article about the fall of Lehman Brothers.
After four years of twisting arms in Congress, Wall Street may have finally found the opportune moment to reshape financial regulation.
Why aren’t these video stores dead? Amazon introduces a make-an-offer service. And a study puts a price on fake advertising clicks.
“We’re going to continue to press his nomination forward,” Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew said. He also spoke about corporate taxes and sanctions on Russia.
Why one business owner thinks “Shark Tank” is terrible for businesses. There will be no Internet sales tax for another year. And nine reasons business owners hate the holidays.
The ruble, down more than oil.
The hiring of Mr. Sants is a coup for Oliver Wyman, which is not as large or as well known outside of the United States as rival McKinsey is in the consulting industry.
Readers vented frustration with the political system — and cheered Elizabeth Warren‘s combative rhetoric against the status quo — in reaction to a David Brooks column, “Warren Can Win.”
So far eight states, including Utah, have investigated Zenefits. Three have cleared it; decisions are pending in four others
Ms. Shapiro, who has directed several acclaimed productions, will take over next fall from Martha Lavey, Steppenwolf’s longtime leader.
The African nation is abuzz with rumors that the 90-year-old president, Robert Mugabe, is grooming his wife to succeed him.
Surpluses for all!
A guide to co-working in New York. If you want to be a great leader, start acting weirder. Why millions of new blue-collar jobs will open up over the next few years.
Both the company being spun off and the parent company usually see an increase in profit, studies show. And, experts say, investors like spinoffs, too.
Why did Wall Street support a change in derivatives contracts that limits its rights? It is in banks’ interest to wind down a failing firm in an orderly way. But banks still benefit, even with the change.
How to transfer money through Twitter. How to get the most out of Yelp. Is this the hottest real estate start-up in New York City?
In the midterm elections, with the top Democrat in the country on the bench, other big names have joined the political battle, but will those efforts make any difference?
Sub-Saharan countries have raised nearly $7 billion this year, more than in all of 2013, and yields on many bonds have fallen, even with the Ebola outbreak.
Most European banks pass stress test. | Steven Ballmer could claim huge tax benefits on his Los Angeles Clippers deal. | William A. Ackman’s outsize bets. | Court ruling disarms shareholders.
The results of the European Central Bank’s examination of banks show that regulators did a fairly competent job of bolstering Europe’s financial footing, analysts say.
A cautionary tale no more.
The actor and advocate discusses his forthcoming movie, “Shelter.”
Five ways to monitor employee social media activities. Where fast-food workers make $20 an hour. And how to spot the résumé of a psychopath.
