Kurdish independence aspirations appeared to stall — at least for now — as Iraqi forces seized oil facilities that supply most of the region’s revenue.
Using the leaked Panama Papers, the journalist, Daphne Caruana Galizia, exposed Malta’s links to offshore tax havens.
Government troops seize a crucial city and oil fields from separatists who have been pressing for an independent state in northern Iraq.
Interviews and records reveal new details about contacts between George Papadopoulos and self-described Kremlin intermediaries.
Ms. Patel, the international development secretary, held at least a dozen undeclared meetings with Israel.
With all votes counted, the incumbent, Borut Pahor, vowed to help “politicians solve problems, not the deepen divisions” in the nation.
It remains to be seen if Mayor Bill de Blasio’s landslide win on Tuesday will help him push his agenda in Albany and beyond.
“We’re all in the dark,” said one resident. Electricity remains fleeting in Puerto Rico, seven weeks after Hurricane Maria completely disabled the power grid.
The decision to restart two stalled projects reverses a campaign promise by President Moon Jae-in and disappoints supporters seeking a phaseout of nuclear power.
The loss is a major blow to the militant group, but it is unclear how long the militia forces can hold the area, which the Syrian government aims to retake.
Four new books explore the philosophical and political sources of the Russian Revolution, its early influences and how it influenced other movements.
Fewer than one in five of the 1,180 candidates running in Sunday’s election for the lower house of parliament are women.
The face-off represented the last, best chance for the two leading challengers to directly oppose Mayor Bill de Blasio before Election Day.
The Maronite Christian patriarch of Lebanon met the Saudi king during a visit overshadowed by political tensions between the two nations.
Rather than single transactions, Eleven James now will charge monthly fees for the temporary use of its timepieces.
How a partisan lens leads people to different interpretations of the same facts.
Emmerson Mnangagwa, 75, was vice president until his abrupt dismissal last week. He has close ties to the military. Observers fear he is as ruthless as the man he is set to succeed.
House and Senate Republican leaders, surrounded by analyses that suggest their plans will increase the deficit, are shopping for forecasts that say they won’t.
The military allowed him to address a university graduation, while negotiations aimed at a peaceful and face-saving exit continued.
There are tough choices at the heart of the Republican tax bills speeding through Congress, and they make clear the party values deep and lasting tax cuts for corporations above all else.
Former Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa succeeded the leader he helped to topple, Robert Mugabe, who had held the office since independence 37 years ago.
After sinking his party’s hopes of repealing the Affordable Care Act earlier this year, the Republican from Arizona may hold the fate of a tax overhaul in his hands.
Republican leaders passed the tax bill out of the Senate Budget Committee, clearing the way for it to come to the Senate floor later this week.
Ahmed Shafik, who narrowly lost the 2012 election, released a video accusing the United Arab Emirates of preventing him from leaving the country to campaign again for the presidency.
Look closely at this graph, and join the moderated conversation about what you and other students see.
Advisers say many investors struggle to separate President Trump’s harsh political language from the strong fundamentals of American companies.
Ahead of a final vote, Senate Republicans scrambled to make changes to their proposal in order to address concerns that it would balloon budget deficits.
A research group has proposed ending weekday overnight subway service to enable much-needed repairs. Riders and transit advocates called the idea elitist and unfeasible.
This season’s graphic novels run the gamut, from an emotional coming-out story to a fantastical journey into a world of strange peach people.
Ravaged areas in the city of Homs symbolize President Assad’s ruthless tactics and embody a looming challenge as the war approaches an end: the politics of reconstruction.
With Brexit looming large, more-affordable housing featured prominently as Philip Hammond presented his budget to Parliament.
The re-election bid of President Juan Orlando Hernández has turned into a referendum on how much control over the country’s fragile institutions Honduran voters are willing to cede.
We looked outside the nation’s capital to ask leaders in states and cities to offer their vision for reconnecting with voters.
“Styles is the document of the conflicts between rich and poor, which is why our section makes absolutely everyone unhappy eventually.”
The fresh round of sanctions was unveiled by Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, as he embarks on a four-country trip to the Middle East.
The Senate voted to begin the formal process of reconciling its tax bill with the House version as lawmakers continued to discuss changes to the legislation.
A motion of no-confidence in the deputy prime minister, filed by the main opposition party, could end a fragile coalition just as Dublin wrestles with Brexit talks.
Britain has capitulated to the E.U., doubling its cash offer as part of exit talks. It was not the first time, analysts say, and won’t be the last.
Prime Minister Theresa May got past one hurdle with the divorce package, but now she and her cabinet must decide exactly what sort of Brexit they want.
The Netflix series often feels like a family drama and a political procedural shoehorned together, but this may be its most overstuffed hour to date.
In the 1990s, they were premature. This time, they might have arrived too late.
The top choices of this year’s wine books include an essential Champagne guide, an argument to organize wine by soil type and a thin volume of advice.
Brandon Gap, managed by the Forest Service, is a beautiful place to glide. But maintaining it requires some hard work — and that’s a good thing.
On Thursday, Marco Rubio took a stand: He threatened to vote no unless House and Senate negotiators expanded the child tax credit.
Aleksei V. Ulyukayev, a former economy minister, has been convicted of corruption after a power struggle with the head of the state oil company.
The tax bill on the cusp of being passed by Congress is not the grand simplification of the code that Republicans promised when they set out to eliminate tax breaks and cut the number of tax brackets.
A House rewrite of the law governing higher education would dismantle several regulations imposed by the Obama administration to control for-profit colleges.
King Salman’s trip, the first state visit by a Saudi monarch, is a sign of the shifting dynamics in the Middle East as Russia assumes a greater role.
The country’s constitutional court blocked a session of the regional Parliament scheduled to take place on Monday.
Mr. Geffen lamented the downsizing of the $500 million David Geffen Hall project at Lincoln Center. “New York should have the best of everything,” he said.
An analysis by the comptroller found the economic impact of delays could range from $170 million to $389 million annually in lost wages and productivity.
As the economy has changed, so have the relationships between places, to the disadvantage of smaller cities and rural areas.
A day after the first charges from the investigation into Russian election interference, the president seethed, his party ducked and the opposition chortled.
Countless human-made troubles in the Indonesian capital pose an imminent threat to the city’s survival. And it has to deal with mounting threats from climate change.
Strobe Talbott on Alan Bullock’s “Hitler and Stalin” and Timothy Snyder’s “On Tyranny,” which span the arc of the Russian Revolution to the present.
Robert Dallek’s “Franklin D. Roosevelt” examines both the public and the private man.
John McPhee’s “Draft No. 4” collects eight essays that offer writing advice and take readers behind the scenes of his creative process.
The underappreciated Swiss Italian writer has two newly translated books in her ruminating, elliptical style.
“The Vanity Fair Diaries: 1983-1992” is Tina Brown’s own record of running that influential magazine, and all the glittering prizes that came with it.
The importance of intelligent and thoughtful debate on the most pressing issues of our times has always been the guiding principle of The New York Times Opinion section, and is more relevant now than ever. This year, we brought new focus to making bold arguments through visuals. Strong arguments aren’t just read — they are seen, heard, felt and experienced. Here are a few of our favorites from the year.
A Princeton economics professor, he was an adviser to Washington policymakers and an advocate of Obamacare.
A New York task force weighs a new fee on rides in for-hire vehicles in Manhattan, which would be paid by riders and raise money to fix the subways.
Photographs hold the power to clarify in tumultuous times.
Street crime, kidnappings and theft are part of everyday life in Caracas, Venezuela. So how do residents of the country’s capital city cope with the constant threat?
A Supreme Court justice blocked key provisions of a decree that critics said might one day spare President Michel Temer and allies from years in prison.
Her comments, made at a year-end news conference, underlined a commitment to self-defense just days after Beijing reiterated its goal of annexing the island.
Before Philip D. Murphy was a governor, he was a Goldman Sachs executive. And before that, he was raised in a home that revered the Kennedys.
Many of the foreign-born workers the region depends on are undocumented and do not qualify for most disaster aid. They may struggle to find affordable housing.
Parents, therapists and schools are struggling to figure out whether helping anxious teenagers means protecting them or pushing them to face their fears.
The Trump administration, which is phasing out a program for young undocumented immigrants, will stop accepting applications for two-year renewals after Thursday.
It's the busiest holiday travel season in years, but don’t go canceling Christmas just yet. Here are some ways to avoid the bustle.
We have a narrow-view president in a big-picture world.
Catalonia’s independence declaration is illegal under Spain’s Constitution. What rights do Catalonia and Spain’s 16 other autonomous regions enjoy?
Carles Puigdemont said he was not seeking asylum, but wanted to guarantee a fair trial for separatists who declared independence from Spain.
Tuesday: Kevin de León confronts a crisis in the capital, Netflix drops Kevin Spacey’s “House of Cards,” and a look back at River Phoenix.
The loss is another blow to the Islamic State and a sign of the resurgence of the Syrian army.
At the root of our political dysfunction is America’s long love-hate relationship with loopholes.
Wednesday: Alleged sexual misconduct in the Legislature, how the wildfires affected wineries, and the dominant Golden State Warriors.
An area in Yorkshire topped a national survey, upsetting stereotypes that northern England is colder, poorer and less sophisticated than the south.
Al Gore, Jerry Brown and Michael R. Bloomberg are in Bonn, Germany, telling other countries that the United States is still serious about climate change.
As Syria approves the Paris climate pact, the world should ignore the last holdout and achieve the goals it set.
A generation maligned as entitled whiners will be particularly hard hit by the Republicans’ wretched tax bill.
Market response may be muted; the big impact may be political.
Thursday: A debate over NorCal versus SoCal, fire-resistant Getty Center, waiting for rain, Tavis Smiley show suspended and finally, Jewish humor for Christmas.
A recent study of hunter-gatherers reminds us that our fictions are more than entertainments.
The United States needs to face reality: Egypt is neither important nor helpful.
Even if we accept the logic of corporate tax cutters, only a fraction of whatever growth we get will stay here
The F.C.C. has overplayed its legal hand.
The White House’s latest disaster relief request pushed the total from this year’s hurricanes and wildfires close to $100 billion, but it came with suggested cuts.
Thursday: Jerry Brown confronts Detroit, Harvey Weinstein’s long shadow, Californians brace for higher taxes
The gold trader told jurors why he’s helping prosecutors: “Cooperation was the fastest way to accept responsibility and to get out of jail at once.”
President Trump has been expected to withdraw certification of the nuclear deal since he declared at the United Nations General Assembly that the agreement was “embarrassing to the United States.”
Workers like Shannon Mulcahy took pride in their jobs at the Rexnord factory in Indianapolis. The bearings they made were top-notch. In the end, it didn’t matter.
Friends share meals, volunteers direct traffic and streets are lined with extension cords so people can share power from “neighborhood generators.”
A trillion-dollar problem delayed a vote on the Republican tax bill, and the White House has an elaborate transition plan.
Paris hardly seems to have noticed that Nationalists on the rugged island, with an ambivalent relationship to France, are predicted to win elections on Sunday.
The capital’s dead holiday symbol stands for the city’s failings — and its residents’ enduring love for it.
Even tax-cut-friendly models say 2018 wages won’t benefit from corporate cuts
Haiti’s ambassador on alleged comments from President Trump: “It is long past time for such thinking to end.”
Major tax legislation should not be passed with extreme haste.
Runners who smiled ran more economically than those who frowned.
The Senate passed a nearly $1.5 trillion tax bill after hours of debate and over the objections of Democrats and one Republican.
Republicans try to create a safe space for political double talk.
The dominant sound this year was dark, traumatized and defensive, led by artists like Lil Uzi Vert, Future and Taylor Swift.
Health care for a thousand kids, or tax breaks for one wealthy heir? The G.O.P. prefers the second.
The housing market in Halifax has remained fairly stable over the last few years, reflecting a steady local economy.
The leaders of Spain and Catalonia have made their point. Now it’s time to show true leadership.
Democrats and Republicans need to act in the public interest and not for the powerful and connected.
Many loyal visitors to the Caribbean, including this writer, plan to travel to their island getaways, eager to help out, if only with their tourism dollars.
The European Union has failed to integrate many former Communist states. But their leaders deserve blame, too.
The Government Accountability Office says costs to the federal Treasury from climate change will continue to rise.
Let’s get fiscal.
The German elections revealed that the East-West divide is not simply between Germany and its post-Communist neighbors, but within the West itself.
Hundreds were injured as riot police officers, some firing rubber bullets, dispersed voters, Catalan officials said. Dozens of police officers were also hurt.
The Trump administration is using sleights of hand to justify rescinding one of the most significant climate rules of the Obama years.
Automated cars will save lives and make us more productive, manufacturers say. But most Americans say, not so fast.
The president’s manipulation of racial, cultural and economic anxiety will continue to serve him well politically. Until it doesn’t.
Oaxaca has become popular during the holiday season when the temperate weather, the food and the festive spirit attract travelers from near and far.
The Senate will diverge from the House legislation in several key ways, including eliminating the ability to deduct state and local taxes and scaling back, rather than ending, the estate tax.
A 35-year-old budget cap has denied the island the more generous and swifter relief that storm victims this year in Texas and Florida received.
Con men get really angry when someone points out their con.
The retirement announcements last week of the Science and Financial Services chairmen brought to 27 the number of Republicans who have left or are leaving.
The fate of the tax overhaul now hinges on a handful of undecided senators, and Senate Republican leaders cannot afford to lose more than two of their members.
Also: A limited defense of Trump and a look at sexual harassment by employment sector.
Negotiators made some progress in the fifth round of negotiations, but the United States trade representative said he remained “concerned about the lack of headway.”
Republicans have made clear where their values lie. Well-heeled campaign funders matter. Middle-class families don’t.
The nearly 40-year reign of one of Africa’s last liberation leaders appeared to be coming to a close as tanks were deployed in the streets of the capital.
The Republican proposals promise a needed update, but instead will just leave America in the past.
A collection of photographs that arrived at Columbia University just ahead of Hurricane Maria includes images of poverty that could have been shot today.
At the Labor Party conference there was a vote on government policy to join the Common Market.
A minor error, a revealing moment.
The growth case for tax cuts is even more pathetic than you thought.
Cut profit taxes, raise wages? Not so fast.
In which I try to wrap my mind around tax incidence yet again.
“The Museum of the Old Colony” is a photo-based installation exploring the complicated – and unequal – relationship between Puerto Rico and the United States.
Even if you believe the optimists, which you shouldn’t, the benefits of lower corporate taxes are much less than advertised.
Their model appears not to address trade deficits or foreign incomes, both of which are crucial to the discussion.
Alabama struggles with health care, education and infrastructure. But such issues have often been forgotten during the race between Doug Jones and Roy S. Moore.
In the latest IDC MarketScape: China Government Cloud Market 2017 Vendor Assessment, Huawei FusionCloud e-Government Solution ranks top in the leaders quadrant due to its strong comprehensive strength and forward-looking strategic layout.
The 44th president left office as one of the most popular in American history. He also left behind a party struggling to find an identity — and to reconnect with voters in time for the 2018 elections.
In her New Year’s address, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany promised to work swiftly on a new coalition, and to help heal rifts in society.
The European Commission is concerned that tax rulings in the Netherlands may have allowed the Swedish furniture retailer to pay fewer taxes and to gain an advantage.
The world’s No. 1 polluter will create a national market to clean up its power sector, putting it in a leading position on the issue as the U.S. retreats.
Mr. Hariri, Lebanon’s prime minister, expected the royal treatment when he was summoned to Riyadh. Instead, he was told to resign. Here is the back story.
Russian and Chinese officials criticized President Trump’s new national security doctrine for its emphasis on American exceptionalism.
From cooperative parties in the Bronx to the Lower East Side unions, the Big Apple was once a vibrant center for the left.
A visit to the reclusive country reveals the perilous moment we’re in.
Government and private analysts expect the North to bolster its nuclear and long-range missile capabilities in 2018 to gain leverage with Washington.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Truth No. 1: North Korea is a nuclear power now. Get used to it. But don’t fear the worst.
The unspoken question of endless browsing is “What do I need?” What I needed was less.
China has embraced globalization, aiming to become an example for emerging economies.
Chinese audiences provide Hollywood with huge profits, but sometimes it’s not so clear what the Chinese film industry gets in return.
A leadership shuffle in the Communist Party could hint at its commitment to an economic overhaul, but Xi Jinping’s growing power may hinder that effort.
On one hand, China enjoys the job growth and efficiency of the private sector. But the government keeps inserting itself into boardrooms.
Warning of deep and complicated changes but describing the outlook as “extremely bright,” the president is set to make himself the indispensable man.
Some surprising, serious and sometimes silly events and trends that happened for the first time in 2017.
The police detained seven people thought to have helped thousands of Chinese circumvent government limits on how much money they can move from the country.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Chancellor Angela Merkel says she would prefer a new round of elections to leading a minority government, if the quest for a majority coalition fails.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Huawei Technologies wants to banish from consumers’ minds the idea that Chinese brands can produce only cheap knockoffs.
Many Chinese say they are relieved to see a leader who seems to care more about making deals than idealism.
Even Donald Trump’s erratic leadership is unlikely to damage the United States’ standing as the world’s financial superpower.
Fraudulent research and faked peer reviews have led to a humiliating setback for China’s goal of becoming a global leader in scientific research.
Chinese officials face tough choices as they move to clean up skies and rivers, an effort that some say could put downward pressure on the economy.
In its rush to catch the United States, China has been prioritizing wildly ambitious growth.
Calls to remove works from museums because of racism and animal cruelty are an opportunity, not just censorship.
Media, telecom and other industries struggled to find lawmakers who would be critical of big technology companies. Not anymore.
Britain’s longest-serving monarch and her husband noted the occasion with the release of new photographic portraits.
Meet the digital security experts who can save your business.
Without water, there is no life. How can we manage this essential resource?
In its annual report, the International Energy Agency said the global energy market — normally a slow-moving industry — was going through a major upheaval.
Some economists say the Republican bills, by curbing or eliminating key deductions, could hurt property values, raise mortgage rates and reduce sales.
The legislation is slightly more favorable than the House version to those with moderate incomes, but much depends on variables like household size.
The legislation could send home prices tumbling, increase the region’s tax burden and make it harder for local governments to pay for infrastructure.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said repealing the estate tax will help the rich. Those comments stand in contrast to President Trump’s claim that the tax hurts the working class.
A study by the city’s Independent Budget Office estimated weekday subway delays resulted in $307 million of lost work time in a 12-month period.
In “Generation Wealth,” the photographer shows that she can satirize her subjects. But does she give insight into why we live the way we do?
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
As former shipyards reinvent themselves, one in Kearny, N.J., is being remade as a development that favors start-ups making products like bath oils, piñatas and chocolates.
The city’s first major modern and contemporary art museum opened this month with exhibitions drawn from the collection of its founder, Haryanto Adikoesoemo.
The president is pushing for repairs to the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, and he has promised to streamline government approvals. It still might not be enough.
If Beijing moves to take board seats at companies like Tencent and an Alibaba affiliate, it may hamper their deal-making overseas.
The company’s American unit was asked to turn over documents relating to the sale of substandard metals. Boeing, Ford and General Motors are among its customers.
Investors may be alarmed by Senator Bob Corker’s rebuke of President Trump, largely because of what it might mean for issues like a tax code overhaul.
The Democratic senator from Virginia is emblematic of the shifting politics for big technology companies, which face congressional hearings this week.
Britain’s monarchy can be big money. And with a royal wedding next year, tour groups, ceramics makers and other companies are trying to capitalize.
A sportscaster and a financial planner have started an exchange-traded fund aimed at enabling avid sports fans to invest in what they know.
Graduate programs in STEM have the highest percentage of international students of any broad academic field. Why don’t the locals bother?
Just as the country seemed to be recovering, the referendum has made investors wary, and prompted banks and businesses to move out of Catalonia.
With bond prices declining, investors attracted to distressed debt see a potential payday in the troubled country’s lucrative assets.
The president has long talked about scrapping Nafta. Even skeptics are starting to believe him.
Hurricanes appeared to knock down payroll totals, yielding the first monthly decline in employment in seven years, though economists expect a rebound.
Political liberation has yet to translate into material gains for blacks. As one woman said, “I’ve gone from a shack to a shack.”
Except for Amazon, most major retailers have scaled back plans for hiring temporary employees during the year’s biggest shopping season, and Walmart is adding almost none.
Rising oil prices seem like a positive sign for the energy industry, but global political disruptions cloud the future.
The listing is one of the largest by a Russian company since the Kremlin drew international condemnation and sanctions by annexing Crimea in 2014.
The Federal Reserve has signaled its move this week. Investors, though, want to know whether the central bank will continue with its patient approach to rates.
The relocation of the European Medicines Agency and the European Banking Authority indicate how Britain’s impending exit from the European Union could diminish its economic clout.
