A couple return to the city where they met to be married before old friends and colleagues.
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, is seeking to ease the terms for securing more rescue funds.
Mario Draghi’s comments came amid increased concern that European leaders have lost the will to address underlying flaws in the euro zone and instead are blaming each other for the economic stagnation.
Although Chancellor Angela Merkel is against introducing a nationwide minimum wage, it may be the price she has to pay to build the stable government she has promised voters.
Criticism of the $1 billion project to build a new stadium for the Minnesota Vikings’ has brought a local face to the national discussion over public contributions to sports stadiums.
Tehran is weighing the relative benefits of deal-making and economic reform, and is experimenting with both.
An outspoken advocate for changing the education system to produce more graduates with tech skills.
A nation is trying to clean up after thousands of homes that, after the housing bubble burst, were never finished or are substandard.
In recent years, Cubans close to the communist government have begun talking more openly about the economy, the political leadership and the restrictions they resent.
Repeated strikes against fast-food restaurants have called for a sharp minimum-wage increase, to $15 an hour, but the side effects of such a jump on prices and employment are unclear.
Germany's trade surplus beyond Europe adds to pressure on the euro zone.
At a picturesque century-old factory, Count Anton-Wolfgang von Faber-Castell is the eighth in a long line carrying on the family name in the pencil business.
A new law restricting the right to demonstrate could squelch the most vital form of public expression left to citizens.
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. raised the issue as Beijing withholds accreditation for journalists from The New York Times and Bloomberg.
Revising its euro zone growth forecast for 2014 upward to 1.1 percent, the central bank kept its main interest rate unchanged.
Britain’s central bank held its benchmark rate at 0.5 percent and voted to maintain its program of economic stimulus at 375 billion pounds.
Libyans are finally taking to the streets of the capital to push back against militias and fundamentalists.
The project is expected to be a major step in meeting Pakistan’s growing energy crisis.
A campaign that spoofs the image of Seattle as a nirvana for the noncommercial encourages agencies to produce more commercials there.
Neither Republicans nor Democrats want to take even the actions they demand of the other side for a long-sought agreement on the nation’s fiscal future.
After offering to foot the bill for part of a New York-Washington route, the Japanese showed off its newest high-speed train technology to visiting dignitaries.
Though new Formula One races often fall off after an initial burst of enthusiasm, the race in Texas had nearly as many spectators as last year, and many problems were fixed, too.
Touring by private jet is not new. What is new is the number of companies looking to capitalize on a widespread love-hate relationship with travel.
Progressive ideals are running up against age-old, intractable problems in Rio de Janeiro, where class difference and corruption are nearly as immovable as the mountains.
With the country in economic crisis, managing the “water bubble,” as many refer to the financial hole created by heavily subsidizing water, has become an urgent task.
There are no good choices if we hit that debt ceiling. Which bad choice would do the least harm?
The holes parents are being asked to fill for public schools keep getting deeper. Our city must take some responsibility for it.
With rapid urbanization under way, cities want to call their own shots. Increasingly, they can.
The documentary filmmaker on “Parkland,” puzzles and recommenders who have good ears.
As thousands of protesters demanded his resignation, President Viktor F. Yanukovich seemed to brush aside the unrest and defended his refusal to sign agreements with the European Union.
Gaza’s hydrological nightmare must be dealt with, regardless of the region’s other, more intractable issues.
Russia must understand Ukrainians’ wish for stronger ties with the European Union and the West.
Patrick Barlow’s adaptation of “A Christmas Carol” has fashioned a recognizable Scrooge, a poisoned man who seems sadly right at home in 2013.
John Woods, managing director of Citi Investment Management in Hong Kong, on market conditions and investing.
The development was a positive sign for the Indian economy, which has been buffeted this year by a declining currency and other problems.
A psychologist’s long-ago experiment shows how two groups of 12-year-olds rose above taunting and name-calling: by facing goals that transcended group concerns. Government leaders might learn from it.
The regulations, if approved, could require American companies like Google and Yahoo to seek clearance before complying with United States warrants seeking private data.
In San Francisco, the texture of inequality can be felt when you encounter its public transit system, which should be something other than a disgrace.
Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister, took aim at the co-chairman of Deutsche Bank, one of several banks fined for rigging interest rates.
Arctic states have asserted exclusive drilling rights, but the region is not likely to surrender its resources easily.
“We are closer than we have been in years” to an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians, Secretary of State John Kerry said, without citing specific examples.
The spontaneous, spirited resistance in Ukraine should inspire tired democrats around the world.
If you enjoy driving, or simply won’t tolerate commuting in a cocoon of hard plastic, the subcompact Fiesta may be worth its premium price.
Bloomberg faces newsroom layoffs, a shift in emphasis back to financial news and skepticism from the business side that investigative journalism might not be worth the potential problems it could create for terminal sales.
Pascal Lamy says Europe needs to modernize its "social market" model of tempering economic forces with social protection to keep it sustainable.
Last week, staff members at the pantry run by the Bed-Stuy Campaign Against Hunger had feared that at the rate people were lining up for food, the pantry would be bare before the weekend.
A plan to control disputed air space over the East China Sea increases risk of confrontation with Japan.
The high visibility of poor Haredis and Arabs influences the never-ending public debate about how to put an end to poverty.
Timothy G. Massad has been nominated to head the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, but little is known about his views on regulation of derivatives.
Is China, emboldened by its economic power, asserting itself in ways that mean the world is at an “inflection point,” as Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said in Beijing last week?
Is it just avoidance?
Now that limits on trading by big banks have been approved, the focus turns to enforcement and disclosure of trading activities, an economist writes.
Chinese citizens topped a global poll looking into materialism, with 71 percent of respondents agreeing with the statement “I measure success by the things I own.”
Suspecting JPMorgan Chase turned a blind eye to Bernard L. Madoff’s huge Ponzi scheme, authorities are preparing to take action. | A jury has found Bank of America liable of having sold defective mortgages. | McKesson has agreed to acquire a controlling stake in Celesio of Germany. | Pinterest has raised $225 million at a $3.8 billion valuation.
Shares in the hotelier Hilton Worldwide and the cafeteria operator Aramark Holdings Corporation were up substantially on their first day of trading.
The United States should insist on protections against currency manipulation as part of any trade agreement it enters into, an economist writes.
Mired in debt, Puerto Rico has been effectively shut out of the bond market and is financing its operations with bank credit and other short-term measures.
Adding to world excess savings.
Charles I. Plosser, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, who has opposed the Fed’s stimulus efforts, explains how he thinks the bond-buying effort should be wound down.
Janet Yellen offered thoughtful responses to the Senate Banking Committee, but her confirmation hearing underscored that repairing the economy is beyond the Fed’s power to achieve by itself, even under a dynamic leader, an economist writes.
The goals of the health-care law are laudable, but it is hobbled by unrealistic claims about its financing and heedlessness about its potential economic effects, an economist writes.
Facing legal troubles, Steven A. Cohen is selling art from his collection. | International leaders said the United States must raise its debt ceiling and reopen its government. | JPMorgan Chase’s legal pain amounts to profit for top law firms. | The Nobel in economic science was awarded to three American professors.
Lack of humor can be fatal.
Has the default already begun? Macy’s decides to open on Thanksgiving. Our tweets are getting shorter!
A robust media campaign in Egypt promoting the leadership qualities of Gen. Abdul-Fattah el-Sisi, as the replacement for deposed President Mohamed Morsi, often features lavish praise.
Wasting four billion hours a year. Gasoline prices fall. What small businesses in Virginia want from the next governor.
Four climate scientists press environmental organizations to embrace efforts to develop and deploy a new generation of nuclear power plants.
Prolonged and insistent attempts to undermine the legitimacy of the federal government bode ill for the nation’s future, an economist writes.
To speed up a slowing move to equality, men will need to move into professions that are traditionally female.
The two banks passed a Federal Reserve stress test in March, but were told to resubmit the plans, which the regulator said contained significant weaknesses.
Getting lost in the valley of ignorance.
The employment picture for the first three quarters of the year shows a deceleration of job growth, suggesting weak demand in a disappointing economic recovery, an economist writes.
This week, Joe discusses the challenges facing Blackberry, H.P. and Cisco.
In the long term, the recent shutdown and fight over the debt ceiling may help unseat the United States dollar as the go-to currency of other nations, an economist writes.
On the first day of bonus season my supervisor sent to me …
A daily confidence barometer shows it fell to its lowest three-day moving average since December 2011.
A San Francisco company, Coinbase, has raised $25 million from some prominent venture capitalists in the largest-ever fund-raising round for a Bitcoin company.
John Harwood of The Times and CNBC interviewed Matt Bevin who is challenging Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky in a Republican primary.
The regulatory lapses that invited the financial crisis have been compounded by an inadequate and sometimes misguided government response in fostering economic revival, an economist writes.
VSPs, for real.
This week, Joe discusses Janet Yellen, who is poised to become the new head of the Federal Reserve.
Driverless cars and delivery drones are likely to increase property values in big cities as such innovations are aimed at urban areas and make living there more efficient, an economist writes.
American Realty Capital Properties has agreed to buy Cole Real Estate Investments. | A court case has given the government a chance to eliminate a major tax break for private equity. | The federal judge dealing with Detroit’s bankruptcy is faced with a conundrum over extra pension payments. | Carl C. Icahn reduced his stake in Netflix.
I didn’t say that it was a good thing.
The power of Pinterest. The promise of a trade agreement. How bike lanes increase small-business revenue.
The merger of American Airlines and US Airways now appears all but certain. | A 9-year-old girl may change the way nonprofits are run. | Fantex, the start-up promoting initial public offerings of football stars, said it was putting off its stock offering of Arian Foster.
Nearly seven years after the Military Lending Act went into effect, government authorities say the law has gaps. | The chief operating officer of SAC Capital Advisors is leaving, underscoring the firm’s transformation. | The move by Senate Democrats to limit filibusters lowers a hurdle for executive nominees, including Janet L. Yellen.
Not hard if you actually read the stuff.
The United States has moved more effectively than Europe to get beyond the financial crisis, and has an opportunity to take on broader challenges like immigration, education and long-term fiscal reforms, an economist writes.
Lloyd’s may be tempted to focus its next share sale on retail customers after strong demand for the postal service’s shares. But the differences between the two offerings warrant a different approach.
The chances of abrupt jolts from climate change are mostly low in this century, but a pretty sure bet down the line. Can humans deal with that?
Retail sales for the big weekend disappoint. But manufacturing accelerated in November. And, surprise, there is still work to be done on HealthCare.gov.
Loans to veterans in New Jersey are up. Six tools to track online ads. Free products from Google.
The Swiss banking giant, which manages $10 billion for the American commonwealth’s millionaires, began an internal investigation into the lending practices of some of its top-producing brokers.
A member of my tribe.
The government shutdown seemed to come out of nowhere, but Republicans’ take-no-prisoners strategy was planned months ago. | Earlier versions of Twitter’s I.P.O. prospectus show how the company added certain disclosures. | William A. Ackman sounds off on his investments and rivals.
Despite the industry’s complaints of overbearing regulation, it has responded to a government overhaul by starting to innovate to maintain profits.
Several ideas about using financial instruments and a for-profit approach in the world of nonprofits are now taking hold.
The governor of New Jersey now supports allowing unauthorized immigrants to pay in-state tuition at his state’s colleges and universities.
Further delay in codifying limits on risk-taking by big banks will only weaken, not enhance, the prospect of effective regulation, an economist writes.
The Chinese news media had a field day mocking the U.S. fiscal crisis, but Beijing is unlikely to wean itself from U.S. Treasuries anytime soon.
A study finds that spending on programs including food stamps, Medicaid and unemployment benefits increased by 18 percent between 2007 and 2010 as families slipped down the income ladder.
Banks including UBS, Deutsche Bank and Lloyds face billions of dollars in expenses and years of effort to restore their reputations.
The head of the Private Equity Growth Capital Council defends the tax treatment of carried interest.
Readers tell Nick Kristof what topics they are interested in for the coming year.
Forcing the healthy to buy health insurance may not be an efficient way to run a health insurance marketplace, an economist writes.
The many levels of meaning in Eastman Johnson’s great emancipation work, “The Lord Is My Shepherd.”
With the prospective nomination of Janet L. Yellen to head the Federal Reserve, a look at the fundamentals of the organization she would be taking over.
Shares in state-run China Cinda Asset Management, which buys bad loans from Chinese banks, rose as much as 33 percent on their trading debut on Thursday.
Remember, it’s about people.
Last year a Shanxi coal baron, Xing Libin, spent 70 million renminbi on his daughter’s wedding with jet aircraft for guests, Ferraris and pop stars, Chinese media reported. Now he’s 30 billion renminbi in debt, the government says.
It’s a case against tightening, not for it.
The Volcker Rule’s chief intention is to prohibit regulated banks from using customer money to trade for their own gain, but it may have many potential gray areas.
Republicans are back to pursuing their goal of doing nothing.
Should OGX, the petroleum exploration and production company founded by the Brazilian entrepreneur Eike Batista, go into bankruptcy, it would be largest in Latin America’s history.
This word has appeared in 50 New York Times articles in the past year.
Of taxi fares, wages, and recessions.
House Republicans don’t care what they win in exchange for raising the debt ceiling, as long as they win something.
A conference dedicated to failure. A $10 million engineer. Do you track the “first-date indicator”?
The story behind the strange fleet of warships that showed up in New York Harbor in November 1863.
One of three Nobel recipients this year, the University of Chicago professor has been recognized for creating advanced techniques in econometrics, enabling researchers to create better mathematical models.
The bank, which set aside $1.6 billion to cover the cost of legal proceedings as profit fell to $70 million, had warned in September that earnings would drop.
Peter Sands, chief of the London-based bank, attributed a “double-digit drop” in the consumer banking results to unprofitable business in South Korea.
Retail sales fall. Redirecting food waste to the hungry. An entrepreneurship conference for those 50 and older.
Things nobody ever really believed.
The World Monuments Fund released its list of endangered cultural sites and cited the view of the New Jersey Palisades from the Cloisters in Manhattan as a vista that is threatened by development.
What do you remember about 2013? Fill in the blanks with your own guesses, or choose from a scrambled list of answers. Each question links to the Times article in which the answer can be found.
Whether you’re an employer or a job seeker, The Times wants to hear your stories.
In Juhapura, female participation in the political process is limited by cultural pressure to avoid political topics and by the lack of spaces where women can freely express themselves.
In a shift of rainmakers on Wall Street, asset and hedge fund managers are edging out bankers when it comes to the size of year-end bonuses.
The tapering has begun. A merchant takes a couple to court for writing a negative review. And a 97-year-old owner closes shop.
Treasury gets it right.
The Mexican venture capital firm Latin Idea Ventures said it had made its first investment in an e-commerce company, Linio, a start-up that sells a wide array of products in Latin America.
Bank of America reported earnings of $2.5 billion in the third quarter, even though the bank lost $1 billion in mortgage operations.
The administration says SHOP will be fully functional by the end of November — but that small businesses have other options in the meantime.
Both Republicans on the joint conference, Paul Ryan and Jeff Sessions, voted against the deal to re-open the government.
Delta is trying to preserve its dominant position in Atlanta by making sure that Hartsfield International is the only game in town.
Rand Paul’s very bad idea.
Restaurants and health care, which had accounted for much of the country’s recent job growth, were weak links in the latest monthly survey.
There’s a big hole to fill.
It’s no coincidence that a revival of the laissez-faire ideology that prevailed in the Gilded Age — an all-out assault on government regulation — has unfolded over the very period in which inequality has soared.
It’s the same old fallacy.
Federal gridlock over the debt ceiling could adversely affect the bottom lines of big Wall Street banks and firms, a report by Thomas P. DiNapoli, the New York State comptroller, asserts.
Xi Jinping has made a point of demonstrating to the media and China watchers that he is at the forefront of a small group of leaders who are committed to pushing through sweeping economic reforms.
The law school is expected to announce a $5 million gift from Daniel and Alisa Doctoroff to create a business leadership program that combines law and business classes.
The latest monthly collection of stories about young people published in The New York Times.
The social media giant is entering one of the strongest markets for initial public offerings in three years, whether from the technology sector or not.
The bank also said it would focus on retail and commercial banking in Britain and move up an initial public offering of Citizens Financial Group in the United States to next year.
If we want to remain faithful to Mandela’s legacy, we should focus on the unfulfilled promises his leadership gave rise to.
The Chinese president suggests that Confucius’ thinking deserves attention, but only through the prism of Communist Party views.
Many thinkers have argued that studying philosophy is learning how to die. If that’s true, then we have entered humanity’s most philosophical age.
Here are five ways teachers can make students think about the fiscal problems in Washington.
Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew plans to call on overseas regulators to make their rules tougher. | Carl C. Icahn has a new platform to pressure Apple: the cover of Time magazine. | Jon Horvath’s memory failed him again during the trial of his former boss at SAC Capital Advisors. | General Motors plans to sell the last of its holdings in its onetime financing arm, Ally Financial.
Twitter on its first day of trading managed to avoid the missteps that marred Facebook’s debut. | UBS said it repurchased the remaining value of a portfolio of troubled assets from Switzerland’s central bank. | Canadian, American and Qatari investors are helping to finance a planned $1 billion investment in BlackBerry. | A plumber in London is seeking to fix the European banking sector.
Excerpts from profiles of the Nobel laureate in 2001, 2005 and 2009 shed light on the path to his professional calling and on his early insights into the post-millennium housing bubble.
Even India’s wealthier, plugged-in consumers are reluctant to use mobile banking and frequent card payments.
Bonuses for bond traders are expected to drop up to 10 percent, while financial advisers and asset managers can expect bonuses to increase by about 15 percent.
The business of fake eyes. Why stocks may fall. How to deal with clients who don’t want to pay.
To be credible, calls to reduce the responsibilities and powers of the Federal Reserve need to be accompanied by ceilings on the size of banks, an economist writes.
The rise in payroll taxes without an increase in a worker’s ultimate benefits from Social Security is a disincentive to work, an economist writes.
Mainly political, I believe.
The penalty would cap weeks of heated negotiating and underscore the extent of the bank’s legal woes, people briefed on the talks said.
Did Census Bureau employees fake unemployment data in a way that could have altered the official jobless rate and aided President Obama’s re-election campaign? It seems unlikely.
It happened in 1790 and 1933, according to economic historians.
Bank of America posts third-quarter profit of $2.5 billion. | Twitter disclosed new revenue information. | JPMorgan Chase has reached a preliminary agreement to admit a trading blowup represented reckless behavior. | With the political stalemate, a crucial part of the financial system is becoming a concern.
Dueling portrayals of Michael S. Steinberg emerged from opening arguments in his criminal insider trading trial. | Neil H. MacBride, a former United States attorney, is joining Davis Polk & Wardwell. | Losers in the 2008 financial crisis are on the receiving end of JPMorgan Chase’s $13 billion settlement. | President Obama’s choice to lead the Commodity Futures Trading Commission is an enigma.
Austerity, because it feels so good when you stop.
The improvement reflects, in part, a rise in markets, which has helped both the firm’s core financial advisory arm and its asset management business.
The White House has issued a report on the costs of the October shutdown, the second longest since 1980.
In an uncertain world where photography as moneymaker is of particular concern, the career of Ansel Adams can provide a road map to potential success.
A look at the issues confronting the central bank as it considers whether the time has come to pull back from its bond-buying program.
How do you meet with 575 customers in a little over three days? Start with a relentless schedule, add precision timing and throw in lots and lots of coffee.
Small-business employment declines. Do business owners have a false sense of security about their data?
The hotel operator priced its initial public offering on Tuesday at $20 a share, in the middle of its expected range. At that price, the company will have raised $565 million and will be valued at $4 billion.
This week on Money Talking, Joe discusses the debt ceiling.
I.P.O.s should raise suspicion, not excitement.
In the last few weeks, right-wingers have been flinging around ridiculous and offensive analogies.
Why businesses are moving downtown. An Affordable Care Act success. And a social network for the dead.
Rhode Island School of Design President John Maeda has announced he will be leaving at the end of the semester.
Inequality is a big deal even compared to depression.
A left-leaning, locally focused small-business trade association is attempting to expose what it calls the “hypocrisy” of American Express.
California’s small-business exchange.
The third quarter was another tough one for personal computers on a global basis, though less than in the recent past. That doesn’t mean analysts think PCs are about to make a big comeback; the way we consume software is as big a problem as the different devices we consume it on.
An end-of-year checklist for business owners. A pillow made for cuddling. Keeping the holiday season festive and productive.
Congressional leaders join the Sunday shows to talk about the deal that ended the 16-day government shutdown and raised the debt ceiling — at least until early 2014.
Full speed ahead, Ms. Yellen.
The typhoon that ravaged the Philippines underscores what many development experts say is a cruel truth about climate change: It will hit the world’s poorest the hardest.
The single biggest impediment to a stronger economic recovery has been the years of dysfunction in Washington and the policies that have emerged.
It was a bit of a depressing start to President Obama’s second term: growing income inequality, gridlock in Washington and a disastrous launch for Obamacare.
Americans may not know all the details on HealthCare.gov, but they know a piling on when they see it.
Change is hard and often messy, and the Affordable Care Act means change.
The idea that honest work should pay an honest wage is part of the American social contract — and one that is in danger of disintegrating.
Both the insured and uninsured are concerned about how President Obama’s health care law will affect them and the nation, according to a New York Times/CBS News poll.
In the tight Virginia governor’s race, exit polls found voters giving the candidates equal marks on ethics.
Despite worries over the New York City economy, New Yorkers feel the city is headed in the right direction.
Data continue to show clearly that federal budget deficits stem largely from the policies of George W. Bush rather than any initiatives by Barack Obama, an economist writes.
China holds $1.28 trillion in U.S. government debt, and its prime minister, Li Keqiang, told Secretary of State John Kerry of his concerns about the debt ceiling fight in Congress.
Just days before the government could default on some of its obligations, the credit rating agency Fitch has put the United States on a “negative ratings watch.”
House Speaker John A. Boehner threw his weight on Wednesday behind the Senate deal to reopen the government and avert a default. He pledged to continue fighting President Obama’s health care law, but in a different manner.
As China’s outbound direct investment increases and becomes ever more visible, times are good for third-party agencies that can bridge the cultural and linguistic gaps to reach Chinese investors.
