Retailers follow up Black Friday with online deals, and the European Court of Justice considers how to regulate the San Francisco-based ride-booking service.
Consider hiring a corporate monitor, an independent overseer who will issue regular public reports about any possible instances of conflicts. We have just the person for you.
New research shows foreclosures spiked after deportations during the housing crash, suggesting a Trump deportation plan could have spiraling effects.
Stock traders have bid up equity prices based on a risky proposition: that Donald J. Trump will steer Republicans in a U-turn away from tightfisted policies.
François Fillon’s victory in a presidential primary suggests that a shift from confrontation to accommodation of Moscow has already begun in the region.
The concentration of military bases, along with business programs for former military personnel, has fueled a growth in entrepreneurship.
William E. McGlashan Jr., a partner at the private equity firm TPG, is developing Rise, a $2 billion social impact fund with a number of well-known philanthropists.
For Minnesota-based Mosaic, the deal gives it a foothold in Latin America’s largest economy, which boasts a strong agriculture sector.
Janet Yellen’s speech at the University of Baltimore underscored the Federal Reserve’s satisfaction with an economic expansion that is in its eighth year.
A lawsuit charges that Fannie Mae has neglected foreclosed properties in African-American and Latino neighborhoods.
What Clinton vs. Trump feels like for first-time voters.
There are a number of congressional and state races where voters can make a difference.
The consequences of the presidential election are uncertain, so Fed officials are unlikely to raise rates for now. And the Labor Department’s report on hiring could embolden one of the candidates.
The title, previously given only to the leaders Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping and Jiang Zemin, could reinforce Mr. Xi’s authority to push through policies.
Saudi Arabia has injected more than $25 billion into the faltering Egyptian economy in two years, but ties between the two most influential Sunni nations are fraying.
Porsche remakes the Cayman in a very stealthy fashion, subtracting two cylinders and adding a turbocharger.
Community bankers overwhelmingly supported Donald J. Trump’s campaign. Now, as mega-banks’ stock soars, they too are looking ahead to the benefits of his administration.
Thomas Mair, 53, was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole for killing the Labour member of Parliament a week before the “Brexit” referendum.
The region displays both troubling and encouraging trends in energy policy
The vote to leave the European Union raises complex issues about costs and profitability, but analysts and executives see reasons for optimism.
A new breed of lodging, with a focus on shared rooms, thrift and style.
It is the first time the United States has not voted against the annual resolution condemning the half-century-old embargo.
I sometimes hear that democracies have lost their sense of purpose. This isn’t so.
Hundreds of thousands of protesters in Caracas demanded a recall referendum that would expel the president from office.
The academic and activist talks about his critics, his celebrity and his legacy.
The City Council passed the Freelance Isn’t Free Act, requiring written timetables and procedures for payment to clamp down on wage theft by employers.
The chief executive says the brand must be “wherever my customers are” — British Premier League soccer and the Coachella music festival, for example.
A sickening drop in the pound signals that all the illusions around the vote to leave the European Union have been shattered, and that Britain will pay a price.
No other country has threatened to leave, and smaller states in particular seem to have developed a greater sense of the bloc’s worth.
“It feels like we’re skating on thin ice,” says Paul O’Connor, a longtime financial expert in London. “Politics has a bigger influence on markets than any time I’ve known.”
China sought to make an example of GlaxoSmithKline in a case that involved bribery of doctors and investigators and ended with guilty pleas and record penalties.
The king, one of history’s longest-reigning monarchs, was a unifying figure in a deeply polarized country.
Australian-born, Ms. Hazzard spent decades in New York, writing award-winning fiction “stuffed with description so intellectually active as to be sometimes exhausting,” one critic said.
The biggest oil producers are proving surprisingly adept at pumping profits, and oil, out of the ground.
The Justice Department charged a former executive at Valeant and the chief executive of Philidor with multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy.
Fake news should be shunned, but the discussion of it misunderstands a new media world in which every story is at risk of being discredited, not by argument but by sheer force.
The foreign minister announced a plan to help Mexicans get accurate information and avoid scams related to deportation policies in a Trump administration.
Policies that increase the value of the dollar would make it harder for U.S. manufacturers to compete overseas, one of many trade-offs that a president faces.
Here are lessons a vacation-package skeptic and budget traveler learned from her first experience with “bulk” travel in Hawaii.
Leaving the European Union might have seemed simple at first, but settling on the details is a matter of philosophical principles as well as economics.
Richard Nelson’s “Women of a Certain Age,” Part 3 of a cycle, at the Public Theater, focuses on a family gathering on the night of voting, and what comes next.
The company takes a softer approach, including a quieter cabin, with the GT compared with the 570S, but it still goes from 0-60 m.p.h. in 3.3 seconds.
President Daniel Ortega won a third term in a rigged vote, setting the stage for a dynastic dictatorship.
It was an interesting test of the sharing economy because the app is premised completely on trust.
Allan J. Lichtman, a historian, discusses how his simple method for predicting presidential elections foresaw the success of Donald J. Trump.
Predictive analytics, and election forecasting in particular, remains a young science. Experts say some of the models could be off 15 to 20 percent.
This election showed how much we still talk past one another when we talk about gender, revealing a divide in how men and women perceive one another’s lives.
A group led by an Australian mining magnate remains the sole bidder for vast swaths of grazing land, but the presence of a Chinese partner has drawn criticism.
The United States can choose what kind of low-skilled immigration it will have, legal or illegal, and specialists say legal is undoubtedly better.
Apple’s report will offer the first look at sales of the iPhone 7 and the extra business it is getting since Samsung’s troubles with the Galaxy Note 7.
Voters discuss what comes next for white, black and brown Americans.
American colleges are worried that the election result could portend a decline in international candidates, and Canadian universities have seen a surge in interest.
Even without a wall, his border-bashing could backfire on the United States.
The president-elect is being forced to acknowledge that his straightforward solutions are less straightforward than he promised.
The Cadenza does not offer the indulgences of German cars, but it looks rich at a nonrich price, staring at about $33,000.
A defining marker of the 2016 presidential race is that it is the first time a foreign power used cyberweapons to influence an election in the United States.
The stock market has risen, with investors seemingly betting that Donald Trump will stick to proposals that would benefit corporate profits, and abandon others that wouldn’t.
The working-class Pennsylvania county was once reliably Democratic. President Obama won it big in 2012. But this year, everything changed.
President-elect Donald J. Trump could try to overhaul the Federal Reserve. Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone.
The Securities and Exchange Commission will collect 13F forms, allowing analysts to see which sectors investors were betting on at the end of the third quarter.
The recent moves are important, but will the country’s poor be able to hang on until changes are seen?
In the end, even the most powerful female politician in America couldn’t escape the shadow of the male libido.
Cheap money and investor confidence are driving a surge in mergers, leaving industries dominated by a few big players.
Defying expectations, the stock market rebounded as investors cheered the changes a Donald Trump administration was likely to bring.
The skies above the Trump Tower in Manhattan, where President-elect Donald J. Trump lives, have been declared “national defense airspace,” and the streets surrounding it have been blocked off.
The longer we rely on monetary policy to keep the global economy afloat, the more precarious our future becomes.
The Chinese prefer a relationship with a United States that doesn’t impose its values on the world.
A new trade agreement with the European Union could threaten the country’s “supply management” system, under which dairy farms are almost guaranteed to prosper.
Skylark and Lola — as well as Expedia and Booking.com — are offering high-end vacations, often at a discount.
Redistribution from the rich to the poor isn’t on the table in Washington. But some liberal thinkers are drawn to another way to ease income inequality.
The key to enforcing the Security Council’s new penalties on coal exports remains in the hands of China, North Korea’s principal coal customer.
The sport is enjoying growing popularity and self-confidence thanks to recent developments, but pay gaps and policy differences keep the women’s game from standing completely on its own.
Shares of several big banks have surged since election night, but some investors see bigger opportunity in the international markets.
Poor and working-class Americans have fallen behind the rest of the country. A tweak of the tax system could help them, but it wouldn’t be cheap.
Eliminate poverty, but don’t worry so much about inequality. Enforcing the Voting Rights Act matters; equalizing possession of Rolexes does not.
Remember gadgets? They were wonderful, and now they’re no more.
The past year has brought a series of political shocks to the continent, but 2017 promises to be even bumpier.
The Socialist prime minister, who will be replaced by Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, will run despite dissatisfaction with the government and divisions on the left.
It was a rejection of the prime minister, not of the European Union.
Senators voted for a 20-year cap on federal spending, a cornerstone of President Michel Temer’s plan to restore confidence in the country’s ailing economy.
The hotel and another Trump venture in the city had been named in a federal investigation over investments by public pension fund managers in commercial projects.
The president-elect’s apparent willingness to rethink the principle that prioritizes China over Taiwan has energized many, but some fear being used as a bargaining chip.
Foreign media alone will not rapidly transform the country, but they offer hope for incremental shifts.
Mr. English was the favorite to succeed John Key, who said he was stepping down because he wanted to spend more time with his family.
Democrats picked up 13 seats in the Legislature, campaigning against the tax-cutting policies of Gov. Sam Brownback and the risks for public schools.
Syaru Shirley Lin, a political economist, discusses Donald J. Trump’s break with protocol in talking to Taiwan, and Taiwan’s ambivalence toward economic integration with China.
Yahya Jammeh, the dictator of Gambia, is trying to hold on to his throne after an electoral defeat.
The Sunday vote, which could end up significantly altering the nation’s charter, is a major test for Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, whose political career could hang in the balance.
A network of shelters, developed quickly to house thousands of migrants, has confronted arson, fights and rape. And many staff members are ill prepared.
The European Court of Justice will hear arguments that will most likely determine how the ride-sharing service can operate across the European Union.
Marcelo Calero, a former culture minister, said Mr. Temer had pressured him on behalf of a top ally. Critics are demanding the president’s impeachment.
Our top 10 comments of the week: Readers debate Donald Trump, flag burning, Fidel Castro’s legacy and picky eating.
A sugar-refinery village founded a century ago by the American chocolate baron has since lost much of its luster. But local pride lingers.
Consumption by visitors — nearly 3.5 million last year — is overwhelming supplies and raising prices, forcing families to make do with even less than usual.
Sales and employment are on the rise in the restaurant industry, undercutting claims by the Trump pick for Labor that the law has undermined the industry.
The impeachment of President Park Geun-hye was long overdue, but it won’t solve the problem of endemic corruption.
As Sweden prepares for its term on the United Nations Security Council, its foreign minister spoke about advancing feminist policy amid the incoming American administration.
The beleaguered European Union faces a series of critical tests in 2017, but none is more important than the French presidential election, with a fierce opponent of the bloc a leading contender.
Much of the swelling confidence may come from one political party, but consumers, business leaders and Wall Street show a lot of excitement.
Longer-term bond yields are near their highs for this cycle, while the environment for riskier assets like high-yield bonds, bank loans and stocks remains positive.
Rex W. Tillerson, in line to be secretary of state, publicly backed a carbon tax in 2009. Yet Exxon Mobil has done little or nothing to help put such taxes into effect.
What does poetry do for us and why is it worth supporting?
In Lancaster, Pa., where resettlement work dates back decades, volunteers and staff members from the Church World Service prepared a home for a family of new arrivals.
In just a year, Law and Justice has shown how a far-right nationalist government in Europe really governs — and how far it can push the limits of democracy.
The Saudi-led coalition is hitting civilian targets, like factories, bridges and power stations, that critics say have no clear link to the rebels. In the rubble, the remains of American munitions have been found.
Spurred by a boom in tourism, construction projects downtown are aimed at transforming the area into a destination to live, work and play.
All year, Spain has plodded along without an elected national government. For some Spaniards, this is a wonderful thing. “No government, no thieves,” one said.
Britain has a lot to lose in leaving the European Union, and a two-year limit on talks further weakens an already shaky hand.
Do you believe that immigrants coming to the United States make American society better or worse in the long run?
Technology displayed in Paris would make it possible for a production-ready vehicle to vary the compression ratio in the engine’s combustion chambers while the car is being driven.
Andrew Sabin, who made a fortune recycling precious metals, is a political paradox, throwing his wallet behind climate change initiatives and the Republican nominee.
Conservatives in Parliament want all the old symbols of the island nation’s empire — including a royal yacht — as they continue to call for a “hard Brexit.”
The struggling African-Americans who visit a Philadelphia food pantry recoil at Donald Trump’s appeals to voters hit hard by economic troubles.
Ron Robin’s “The Cold World They Made” is a provocative examination of Albert and Roberta Wohlstetter, whose views influenced policy makers in the 1950s.
The fake accounts scandal that has plagued Wells Fargo has now taken down its chief executive, who will be replaced by the company’s president and chief operating officer.
In “Weapons of Math Destruction,” No. 5 on the education best-seller list, Cathy O’Neil says our reliance on algorithms exacerbates whatever inequality already exists.
The pound is falling, and the confidence that had built up that Britain would not shut itself off from Europe is starting to dissipate.
The move is a radical departure for a country that has historically been the most dependable American ally in Southeast Asia, and could undermine President Obama’s foreign policy.
The numbers are such that Hillary Clinton can argue that the economy continues to improve, and Donald Trump can argue that things haven’t improved enough.
The prime minister’s plan to put a price on carbon emissions is a significant environmental step, and leaves provinces with choices on how to carry it out.
Dan Slater’s “Wolf Boys” is about how American teenagers trained by a Mexican drug cartel murdered on both sides of the border.
Russia keeps inching into Georgia with ever more ingenious boundary markings that only it and three other nations recognize as real.
A government auditing agency will study whether American officials should broaden how they inspect foreign purchases in the U.S.
Establishment economists have plans that sound pretty radical. Will Hillary Clinton listen to them?
Actions have been taken against Chinese grain exports, India’s barriers to solar-panel parts, European subsidies for airliner manufacturing and foreign fishing subsidies.
China’s leaders feel their country has the right to be the main power in the neighborhood.
They should instead focus on the jobs Americans actually have: service work.
The result gave the country’s autocratic prime minister, Viktor Orban, a partial victory, though what Mr. Orban plans to do now remains a mystery.
The 2016 presidential matchup has accelerated trends that were expected to unfold gradually.
If the taxes had been paid instead, what the presidential candidate saved could have greatly benefited his fellow Americans.
Brian Helmuth, the marine scientist who devised them about 18 years ago, says they are an example of “biomimicry,” a relatively new field.
Katie McGinty would be a senator more concerned with workers and the environment than the incumbent, Pat Toomey.
Just months after revealing the hacking of 500 million accounts in 2014, Yahoo has disclosed that more than one billion accounts were compromised the year before.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
With Donald Trump headed to the White House, my future as a working community college student is uncertain.
New research tries to spot the collapse of liberal democracies before they happen, and it suggests that Western democracy may be seriously ill.
Elected officials have promised workers nice pensions based on wishful thinking. Now, localities across the United States are facing problems, and the latest to be grappling with them is Dallas.
The men chosen to lead the Treasury and Commerce Departments vow to cut taxes, increase growth and hold the line on deficits, testing the limits of economic math.
The debate over identity politics has gotten brutal, but there is a way to find common ground between the two warring camps.
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi cannot undo his unwise push for a referendum, but he can mitigate its potential fallout.
The next president will have to decide whether he is another standard Republican on taxes, spending and the economy.
The auction for the future first daughter’s time had attracted bidders willing to spend tens of thousands, but also criticism that access was for sale.
The former Texas governor famously vowed to eliminate the department. Soon he may lead it.
Regulators have said the rejection shows the bank has not figured out how to adequately unwind the complex and interconnected parts of its operations.
Wednesday: In-season TV shows, the city’s best restaurants and New York’s Golden Globe nominees.
“I shouldn’t have to see the pain, struggle and despair of homeless people to and from my way to work every day.”
For the second time this year, Wells Fargo has failed to pass a key regulatory test created after the 2008 financial crisis to reduce the threats posed by large banks to the economy.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The government took steps Thursday to temper growing impatience with the seemingly slapdash way a ban on high-currency bills was carried out.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The campaign is over, but the struggle for Trump’s soul has just begun.
While Mr. Putin strides the world stage, a failing economy kills destitute alcoholics with toxic booze.
The president-elect said he wanted to reduce the trade deficit but his budget policies would do the opposite, flooding us with imports.
Donald Trump’s moves show his intent is to be a disrupter, no matter the consequences to American security.
Despite the success of Bernie Sanders, the party has actually become less receptive to populism.
President-elect Donald J. Trump wants to shake up both relations with China and regulatory issues, and he’s not doing it by halves.
It’s time again for the annual lists of what we will be eating. Here is how the seers make their predictions.
The Obama administration said it was tossing out 35 intelligence operatives and imposing sanctions on Russian intelligence services and officers.
Fellow Americans, your concerns should be taken seriously. But let’s also look seriously at the candidates.
Voters in California, Massachusetts and Nevada legalized recreational use in what advocates said was a major step toward changing the country’s attitude toward the drug.
A highway project threatens to cut a swath through priceless rain forest, home to many endangered species.
It is extremely hard to predict what markets will do in the event of Donald J. Trump winning the presidential election. It can even be hard to tell the election’s impact on the economy.
The unexpected response to an ad placed by owners of a store on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, might show how many people are hungry for a sense of community.
The Wisconsin Republican fought off a challenge from former Senator Russ Feingold, retaining his seat in a Senate race critical to Republicans.
The candidate refuses to acknowledge what the official data show: that the country is doing better than it was just a few years ago.
As the nation prepares to choose President Obama’s successor, the bold agenda he described eight years ago remains incomplete.
We should learn from the vote, work to mend society and build a political movement for the post-Trump era.
President-elect Donald J. Trump has vowed to dismantle President Obama’s climate change policies. In Mr. Ebell, he may have found his man.
Markets that had heavily favored Hillary Clinton were poised to dive on election night. Then President-elect Donald J. Trump sweetened his tone.
Mergers and acquisitions could be on the rise, driven by changes to taxes, as well as shifts on the Dodd-Frank Act and the Affordable Care Act.
The German chancellor, who faces opposition at home, is gathering herself to fight alone for European unity as an increasingly divided Continent looks to Germany.
Workers are toiling longer and getting paid less than their parents. Their struggles have been forgotten or ignored in Washington.
As the country’s voters emphatically rejected reforms in a referendum Sunday, they added to grave international uncertainties and prompted the prime minister to resign.
The apex predator is being fished for its delicious flesh so relentlessly that it is being pushed to the brink of extinction.
Friday: The choice of Xavier Becerra for attorney general roils the state’s political establishment, a former U.S.C. football player is killed, and San Diego has an app to fix that pothole.
Donald Trump’s approach to saving jobs at Carrier was like intercepting a driver on his way to his car in a parking garage and persuading him to stay longer.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Don’t count on an immediate disaster after the next president takes office.
Moves in the bond market suggest that investors see the economic ground shifting in the wake of Donald J. Trump’s surprise victory.
Research shows that only half of Americans in their 30s earn more than their parents did at the same age. A few decades ago, nearly all adults did.
This country was built on pragmatic economic nationalism, going back to Alexander Hamilton. Here’s how the president-elect can help.
The president-elect has gotten attention by claiming credit for concessions from individual businesses, whether or not he had much to do with it.
The next Treasury secretary says taxes will not drop for the rich. He should be held to the vow.
People here are ecstatic about the phone call between the U.S. president-elect and Taiwan’s president. But is the U.S. really ready for change?
Many who care about taxes, immigration, the Supreme Court, health care and climate change were left with little to chew on from the three presidential debates.
At the Alfred E. Smith memorial event, a white-tie campaign-year ritual at the Waldorf, attempts at bonhomie went sour.
People call them old-man cars — but what’s so bad about growing up?
Some readers say it has to do with intelligence and knowledge gained, while others point to a whole host of factors that could be at play.
An old man and a child travel across post-Civil War Texas in Paulette Jiles’s “News of the World.”
Designed for the railroad era, they have no place in our globalized, interconnected world.
Two catastrophes — a 2008 crash that made the country cheap for visitors and a 2010 blast that put it on the map — transformed the island into a top destination.
A letter to Tolstoy about his appropriation of Anna Karenina’s experience.
Wednesday: How and where to build to contain housing costs, cases of sexually transmitted diseases are surging in California, and vying for a solar power speed record.
Women would have to be lobotomized to believe anything the party of Trump tells them.
Allow me one last attempt to help you avoid a hangover that will stay with you the rest of your life.
This report and the monthly unemployment figures next week are the last snapshots of the overall economy before voters go to the polls on Nov. 8.
U.S.-Iran relations shouldn’t take place only at the highest levels.
Rarely has the economic rationale for a taxpayer-funded stadium been as flimsy as it is in Las Vegas’s case — and never has the subsidy been as high.
Markets had priced in a Hillary Clinton victory, but a furious reversal took place when that looked unlikely.
Donald J. Trump has had harsh words for China and other nations, but the question for the region now is how much of that rhetoric he will act on.
