Some top banks — including JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup — will not accept the cards as a primary ID, even though federal regulators have approved their use.
If Joice Mujuru joins forces with other opposition leaders, there is a chance they could oust Robert Mugabe together.
President-elect Mauricio Macri has signaled that he intends to chart a new course and will expand trade with the United States and Europe.
The pontiff’s schedule for the five-day trip is packed with meetings, red-carpet receptions and a Mass on Thursday for as many as one million people.
Republican and Democratic negotiators closed in on a package of tax cuts for businesses and individuals that could exceed $700 billion in forgone revenues over a decade.
Much of the $72 billion in debt the island cannot repay stems from loans extended and guaranteed by its Government Development Bank
The book “Killing Reagan” may significantly damage the public’s memory of one of our greatest presidents.
The Federal Reserve is almost universally expected to raise rates this month, but human nature makes it hard to predict what effect that will have on major markets.
Among the benefits are more geopolitical sway. The cost? A loss of control.
The percentage of women associates dropped in the last five years, and the percentage of African-American associates has declined every year since 2009.
Luck smiled on State Representative Blaine Eaton II, who had been forced by law to draw a straw for his seat after his race for re-election ended in a tie.
Mr. Scarf, a Yale mathematician, never took an economics class, but his theories were accepted by businesses and governments.
Allies of Mr. de Blasio, who is uncomfortable with showmanship and admits to having communication problems, say he should promote his achievements more aggressively.
Opening the taps in the Corrib field is a breakthrough for the oil and gas industry in Ireland, which had mostly disappointing results in recent years.
Among the snippets of qualified joy this year: a blossoming bromance between Trump and Putin, two odious, bullying narcissists who deserve each other.
Mr. Hugh’s blog, which pointed out flaws at the root of Europe’s ambition to bind together disparate economies with a single currency, attracted a wide following.
The dominance of the three Detroit giants has slipped and foreign brands like Toyota and Kia have filled the gap.
Experts expect the number of new unemployment claims to be at a healthy level in terms of the long-term trend, and payments are due for financially challenged Puerto Rico.
After nearly two years, it’s time to recognize what can’t be changed and what’s best for the peninsula.
Brussels' knee-jerk reaction to crises is to ask for more power. But unless the bloc adopts more decentralized solutions, it could unravel.
Drone pilots, start your web browsers: The mandatory drone registration program is starting. Also this week, movie studios are fighting over a limited number of screens and new-home sales data will be released.
A new ad highlights her focus on protecting the homeland, and reminds voters they are “not just electing a president, but a commander in chief.”
The conservative Popular Party and the main opposition Socialists both lost seats, putting the future of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy in doubt.
The start-up’s founder and chief says happiness, in particular the happiness of his employees, will separate his company from ventures that have failed.
For newcomers who can assimilate quickly, there can be advantages — for them and for business leaders who hope they can help the German economy.
Polish society isn't swinging to the right, it's cleaving down the middle between traditionalism and liberalism.
Even before the Volkswagen scandal, diesel had several factors going against it, including lower oil prices, improvements in gasoline engines and technologies that produce cleaner vehicles.
The authorities said the chip maker had abused its dominant market position in the region by offering financial incentives to smartphone and tablet manufacturers.
The American vice president, addressing Parliament in Kiev, called on politicians to limit the power of business moguls and to put aside self-interest.
Financial worries and fears about terrorism and immigration are contributing to a rise in right-wing politicians in Europe similar to Donald J. Trump.
With an ordinance passed on Tuesday, San Diego became the largest American city to make a legally binding commitment to transition to 100 percent renewable energy.
Néstor Reverol, head of the country’s National Guard, and Edilberto Molina, a former official in its antidrug unit, are suspected of tipping off crime groups to investigations and raids.
Mariano Rajoy is the symbol of an old guard challenged by younger rivals who have singled him out as the obstacle to much needed change.
A hotel cannot examine names of potential guests and reject them based on race, the authors say, but that is common with short-term home rentals.
The liquidation of a Third Avenue Management fund may prompt re-examination of whether mutual funds might be systemically important in some circumstances.
A number of Colombian drug traffickers have been captured in Venezuela and extradited to Colombia. But rather than being tried there, some were then extradited to the United States, where they have become informers.
Some economists are dismayed that the Fed’s zero-interest policy didn’t do much for infrastructure or even corporate capital investment.
The number of students completing high school has reached historic peaks, yet other measures of academic readiness for college or jobs are much lower.
The Ukrainian government declared a moratorium Friday on repaying about $3.5 billion in debt to Russia, introducing new strains to an already poisonous relationship.
Having raised rates this month for the first time in nearly a decade, the Federal Reserve does not have to look far for real-world examples of what to do if plans go awry.
A surge of grower-produced Champagnes has redefined the appellation and made shopping more exciting, if a tad more difficult.
The legislation would include up to $3 billion in cash relief and a payroll tax break for residents of the island.
Federal safety regulators have received about 150 complaints that the Focus’s power steering can turn off, but they have not opened a formal investigation, and Ford has taken limited action.
There are three forces at work that are making college increasingly expensive. So what should we do about it?
The agreement means we have a chance to avoid unmanageable effects of global warming and to handle the effects we can’t avoid.
The landslide victory by the opposition in Venezuela’s parliamentary election underscored how strongly many Venezuelans yearn for change.
Changes under the newly empowered Law and Justice Party are unsettling what had been a model for the struggling post-Soviet states of Eastern Europe.
Last week, in a gut blow for the movement known as Chavismo, Venezuela turned raw anger over economic hardship into a landslide victory for the political opposition in crucial elections.
Mr. Gelli was a self-professed fascist accused of being the grandmaster of a secret society that plotted a right-wing coup, among other crimes and scandals.
Acquiring The South China Morning Post might have made more business sense because Macau matters more to the billionaire’s companies than Las Vegas.
The much-anticipated “liftoff,” the Fed’s first interest rate increase since the financial crisis, unfolded quietly and smoothly. But the hard work lies ahead.
The perceived threat of immigration resonates in the region, and its failing economies and corrupt governments make it unattractive to migrants in any case.
Two of China’s leading travel companies are teaming up to make the most of a bright spot in the Chinese economy.
This week, data on durable goods orders, consumer confidence and economic growth will be released. In addition, several companies including Apple and Exxon Mobil will report earnings.
The case for increasing the benchmark rate has weakened since the summer, as the global economy struggles and domestic growth idles. Still, some see continued delays as untenable.
One of these candidates is going to be the nominee for president. Really.
The coming Canadian prime minister is expected to move swiftly on issues that do not require parliamentary approval, and make vague commitments on those that do not.
As job options multiply, worker retention has risen to the top of the list of employers’ concerns. To many companies, “engagement” is the answer.
The official, Katerina Savvaidou, faces charges of breach of duty for granting television stations more time to pay a tax on advertising revenue.
Member states have differing recommendations for strengthening the currency zone, but most agree the next crisis could be right around the corner.
The vote early Saturday is the first in a series of austerity measures that the Greek Parliament will be asked to approve to meet creditors’ demands.
The House investigation drags on, but nobody in Washington seems to be paying attention to what’s happening in Libya today.
The refugee crisis might be an external challenge, but what really worries Brussels is the growing strength of the Continent’s regional separatists.
The senator from Vermont calls himself a socialist, but he doesn’t want to nationalize the steel mills. Or anything else, actually.
The former Massachusetts governor should be proud of helping to pave the way for Obamacare, but in today’s Republican Party that is viewed as a crime.
The 144-page bill is almost underwhelming in its size and scope. But after five years of political gridlock, that may be the inherent genius of it.
What is to be done with Islamists? A repeat of Tunisia's success is very unlikely.
Countries affected by the smoke, which has been a blight every fall for decades, are unhappy with the lack of remedies.
A single unexpected expense, or loss of income, can send many American households into a tailspin.
Angel Labs has organized workshops in more than 38 countries for prospective investors who want to learn how to size up entrepreneurs and their ideas.
For tests given last spring under the new Common Core requirements, the description of the results comes down to the different labels each state uses to describe the exact same scores on the same tests.
The Australian bank’s new fund comes as opportunities are seen for foreign investors in infrastructure projects.
Mr. Cohen, 66, is executive chairman of Cohen & Steers, a publicly traded investment company known for its real estate investment trust mutual funds.
The undercard debate on Tuesday, hosted by Fox Business Network in Milwaukee, as transcribed by the Federal News Service.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions may have inflated the price of financial assets, but Ben Bernanke says they kept a bad financial situation from getting worse.
Wage growth seems to be increasing, a sign of a labor market at full capacity, with inflation likely to follow. But there is more to the story.
Justin Trudeau’s diverse cabinet and his youthful energy may engender a renewed public spirit and a stronger sense of national identity.
The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond has been trying to raise interest rates for a while; he may finally get his way.
The annual frenzy of discount shopping — to the tune of more than $14 billion in 24 hours – offers a way into the country’s growing middle-class market, companies say.
Eight months after becoming chief executive of the fast-food chain, Steve Easterbrook takes stock of its progress toward a turnaround.
Hillary Clinton holds a 19-point lead over Bernie Sanders. She should stop playing it safe and spell out what her proposals mean, in bold detail.
Thousands of migrants, especially from Eritrea and Ethiopia, reach Sudan every year hoping to earn money to pay a smuggler for passage to Libya and, ultimately, Europe.
A growing body of research confirms that the more time and attention children get from their parents, the better off they’ll be in life and at work.
The measure would avert a government default and end nearly five years of pitched battles over fiscal policy.
This music drama combines aspects of Noh theater, opera and Bunraku puppet theater.
Justin Trudeau’s election offers promise in helping solve both the refugee crisis and the challenges of First Nations at home.
Even for Kenyans who have seen countless corruption scandals, graft coming to light now is almost too outrageous to believe.
Janet Yellen, the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, told a House committee that the economy was “performing well” and that an interest rate increase “may be appropriate.”
An article about an increase in mortality rates drew almost 1,900 comments from readers.
The new regulation, which was proposed on Friday, seeks to inflict the costs of a failure on investors who have lent to an ailing bank and on its shareholders, rather than on taxpayers.
Opposition mainly came from an array of unions and environmental groups, but some big businesses, like Ford, also joined the emerging resistance to the pact.
Used to the moral high ground, Canadians are watching their own politics getting dragged into divisive immigrant-bashing.
The move was welcomed by the British hospitality and retail sectors, which said the cost and complexities of tourist visas were driving big-spending Chinese to shop elsewhere.
As part of a significant overhaul, the bank said it would further shrink its investment bank and try to expand operations in Asia and emerging markets.
Financing for federal data, including the census, needs to be increased.
Studies rebut a long-cherished belief in America, on the right and left, that welfare encourages bad behavior by the poor.
The campaign became something of a referendum on Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the changes he and his Conservatives have wrought over the past decade.
Terrific trails, weekend weather, and miles of maze.
The bank’s return on equity exceeded that of its two main rivals, but was lower than in previous periods.
Candidates’ hair played a significant role in the Canada’s election for prime minister, and it suggests in a social media world, humor and pictures have a very real power.
When Britain suffers a decline in domestic demand, its companies can find other sources of business across the Channel, softening the effects at home.
The British Bankers’ Association said that recent policy and regulatory decisions in the country had reduced its attractiveness for the sector.
Few places are tilting toward a cashless future as quickly as Sweden, which has become hooked on the convenience of paying by app and plastic.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day, including updates on the Paris attacks.
A long drive for prosperity is giving way to a debate about how the country shares its wealth.
The proposal, ahead of the United Nations conference on climate change planned for Paris this month, appeared aimed at showing Britain as a leader in reducing carbon dioxide emissions.
The tax is appealing to those who want to control health care spending, but not to those who have comprehensive, high-cost health insurance plans.
A combination of high demand and too few listings pushed the median sales price to just shy of a million dollars in the third quarter of the year, setting a record high, according to several market reports.
The days of China relying on export manufacturing and infrastructure construction as drivers of economic growth are gone.
The former Federal Reserve chairman, in a new memoir, says Congress did not “do its part” after the 2008 financial crisis calmed down.
A recurring theme in Mr. Bernanke’s book is frustration with dissenters — colleagues at the Fed who disagreed with interventionism in a public way.
The company’s share prices recovered somewhat this week, but investors remain worried about both global economic trends and management missteps.
The Government Development Bank said the money was crucial to its ability to make coming payments to bondholders.
Given its aspirations, Anne-Marie Slaughter’s “Unfinished Business” is surprisingly condescending toward other women’s views and efforts, the author writes.
The decision by the European Court of Justice throws into doubt how tech giants like Facebook and Google can use digital data from millions of users.
The country’s currency has crashed along with its economy, despite an unchanging official exchange rate, transforming economic absurdities into daily hardships.
Does an open-door policy enhance a nation’s security and prosperity? The U.S has 59 million reasons the answer is yes.
The state is cruising toward its 2020 goal for increasing renewable energy and is setting far more ambitious targets for the future.
Westchester is among of the wealthiest counties in the country, but with 200,000 residents at risk of hunger, a food bank is seeking local produce.
The New York Times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign.
The chairwoman of the Federal Reserve has begun the process of raising interest rates, a move that her predecessors have taken in recent decades as they put their own distinctive stamp on the economy.
The perils of natural gas are nothing new in a city that depends on it for heating and cooking. Here are some other gas-related explosions of the last 20 years.
We checked the accuracy of candidates’ remarks in the Republican debate in Milwaukee.
Most of the Marshall Islands rise less than six feet above sea level. For the residents, the destructive power of the rising seas is already an inescapable part of daily life.
Selected Times graphics, visualizations and multimedia stories from 2015.
Read the latest updates from Mrs. Fiorina.
Read the latest updates from Mr. Christie.
See what the candidates are saying about gun control, immigration and more, and how their positions align with the American people.
Read the latest updates from the campaigns.
German exports plunged in August by their largest amount since the height of the global financial crisis and imports also fell sharply.  As David Pollard reports, it's the latest sign that Europe's largest economy is feeling the pain from a slowdown in emerging markets.
Japan’s household spending rose for the first time in three months in August, calming fears of a recession in the world’s third largest economy. Meg Teckman reports.
The effect of state gun control laws is diluted by a thriving underground market for firearms brought from states with few restrictions.
How 20 companies took more than a third of the H-1B visas available in 2014.
Getting the economy to change in just the way you want is a very tricky balancing act, even if you have the ability to create money from thin air.
The Canton fair has long been a barometer for the economy as exports have driven China's global rise but data on China's economic health is looking grim putting some exporters on edge. Meg Teckman reports.
The anti-immigration Swiss People's Party is set to cement its position as the country's dominant political force in elections where migration has trumped the economy as the key issue for voters.  David Pollard reports.
China beats analysts expectations but 3rd quarter GDP figures show the economy is still slowing. Katie Sargent reports.
Argentines votes for a new president in an election that will shape the recovery of the South American country's troubled economy, with outgoing leader Cristina Fernandez's candidate the favorite to win on a platform of "gradual change". Pavithra George reports.
German business morale fell modestly in October, suggesting Europe's largest economy remains resilient in the face of a slowdown in China and emissions scandal at carmaker Volkswagen. Ciara Lee reports
Dollar-denominated exports from China fell less than expected in September but imports plummeted, reinforcing views that the Chinese economy may need more stimulus if it dips below 7% growth in Q3. Meg Teckman reports.
Japan’s economy contracted in the third quarter sending the country into a technical recession, raising doubts about the government’s policy choices. Meg Teckman reports.
The Bank of England has set out plans to require banks to hold a total of up to 10 billion pounds ($15 billion) more capital as they start to lend more freely in a recovering economy. But as Grace Pascoe reports, it stopped short of demanding immediate action.
Manufacturing activity deteriorated across much of Asia in November, while European factories struggled to gather momentum.  The data comes as markets brace for an expected imminent rise in U.S. interest rates that could jolt the global economy.  David Pollard reports.
Singapore’s economy grew much faster than initially thought in the third quarter, however the uptick may not change the modest outlook for economic growth in the city state. Meg Teckman reports.
Senator Ted Cruz’s long-anticipated Iowa surge came a step closer on Tuesday with a new poll showing him just behind Donald J. Trump and leaping ahead of Ben Carson, as terrorism and foreign policy now drive the 2016 nominating race.
If Erdogan's power goes unchecked, our democratic ideals may be crushed by a tyranny of the majority.
Climate change is blind to income levels, but the poor and minorities are being hurt disproportionately by its effects.
Explore the exciting ways tech creatives are fashioning our future today.
Republican presidential candidates will not give opening statements at the next debate, hosted by the Fox Business Network, but they will have more time to respond to questions, according to an internal memo the network sent to the campaigns.
Approaching his final year in office, President Obama’s approval rating hovers just below 50 percent, in roughly the same middling range it has inhabited since 2010, according to Gallup polling data.
A new analysis of Jeb Bush’s plan to cut most Americans’ tax bills would end up blowing a moon-sized deficit hole into the federal budget with the shortfall reaching $8.1 trillion in the first 10 years.
NextGen Climate, the outside group founded by the billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer, is airing an ad on CNBC during the debate Wednesday that will cast climate change as an economic issue.
On Wednesday evening, Mr. Bush, who has long held up his ability to win over Hispanic voters in a general election, will field questions from Hispanics in Las Vegas at a policy forum sponsored by the Libre Initiative.
A New York Times/CBS News poll released before the attacks in Paris found that Americans were unhappy with the president’s approach to the radical Islamist group.
Donald J. Trump will take the next step in his religious outreach effort next week when he announces the endorsement of a group of 100 African-American pastors and religious leaders at his Manhattan headquarters.
When a “pastoral” change has revolutionary implications.
Challenging Private Equity Fees | Mega-Deals Test Antitrust Limits
Ms. Fong, a former reporter for The Wall Street Journal in China, discusses how the birth restrictions reshaped Chinese society, perhaps irreversibly.
Does the growth of China explain slowing world trade?
This isn’t hard, people.
New dog-service apps create a community of dog lovers, pairing those who crave canine companionship with dogs that could use more people time
Dispirited by mounting tensions between the two countries, Mr. Vogel, a Harvard sociologist, has set out to promote a deeper understanding of their relationship across time.
How much deviation from austerity?
Many Canadian readers rejoiced at the election of Justin Trudeau, while some praised Stephen Harper, in response to recent columns and op-eds.
Emerging markets are a drag.
The technology research firm IDC predicts the pace of digital transformation of business is going to accelerate and increasingly hit every industry.
The shifting fortunes of the book, “Big Country With an Empty Nest,” have tracked the evolution of the country’s stance on the size of families.
One month changes little.
The jobs report for October was unexpectedly good. But that doesn’t mean the Fed should raise interest rates.
In South Korea, virtually all of your wants and needs can be met by Samsung, the most dominant conglomerate. A look behind the success story.
Puerto Rico’s Creditors Open to Debt Exchange | Petco Close to $4.7 Billion Sale to CVC and Canadian Pension Fund
How do we find an appropriate balance between our moral responsibility and any security concerns we might have?
Japan’s story repeats.
New Banking Rules for New York | Court Upholds Award Against RBC Capital | New Fed Rule Limits Emergency Lending
It’s in the SDR, which changes nothing.
Keurig to be Sold for $13.9 Billion | F.T.C. Sues to Block Staples-Office Depot Deal | Criticism of Federal Reserve Gains Ground
A photographer looks at those caught in the middle on the crime-ridden streets of Caracas, where the psychic landscape is emotionally draining.
Hospitality and Gambling Interests Delay Closing of Tax Loophole | Frank Quattrone’s Comeback
Deaths Highlight Pressures of Wall Street | Why Volkswagen Started Cheating | Valeant’s High-Price Drug Strategy
Crowding in and other issues.
On reading comprehension.
In pursuing its digital strategy, the company has to contend with the security risks inherent in combining the virtual with the physical.
In this short documentary, students in a youth orchestra program in Chile pursue their love of music to escape poverty.
Why they hate Obama.
Negotiators trim a climate agreement as climate scientists press for nuclear power and activists gird for failure.
During Tuesday’s debate, the Republican candidates were at odds with one of their heroes.
Do you think the Fed made the right decision in raising rates? Why?
The divide over an Oregon gun-control law reflects broader divisions between rich communities and poor ones, and between urban and rural areas.
The 2004 National Hockey League lockout taught a Toronto businessman that being too focused on one market can be detrimental, so he teamed up to expand to other sports.
Mr. Schiff, who was serving his third prison term, considered income tax unconstitutional, and he pressed his cause in six self-published books.
The legislation will faces challenges from the Senate and the White House.
The deaths of 71 migrants in a meat truck found in Austria raised questions about the cruelty of the smugglers and the desperation of their clients.
An economist who has transformed his field by encouraging a focus on broader aspects of well-being and on the importance of data.
Nathan Fielder uses comic bits to suggest ways to help small business owners.
Ben S. Bernanke, the former Federal Reserve chairman, and Timothy F. Geithner, the former Treasury secretary, reminisced and joked at a Manhattan Barnes & Noble.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is turning its attention to student loans; one problem is that borrowers are not advised of all their options.
Daniel Tarullo is the second Fed governor to suggest the Fed should wait until next year to raise interest rates, coming after Lael Brainard on Monday.
The president’s decision was a major victory for environmentalists and a bitter loss for the oil industry.
Gov. John Kasich of Ohio and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida tried to gain political momentum by heaping scorn on Donald J. Trump’s plan to deport unauthorized immigrants.
Mr. Bush demanded more time from moderators, offering flashes of improvised humor and delivering crisper answers than he has in the past.
