After the 2000 dot-com crash and the Sept. 11 attacks, it seemed as if the era of cocky young Silicon Valley techies minting easy millions was over for good. Ha.
The government’s failure to improve the economy and the lives of young people has led to a flood of protests. 
Despairing over corruption and violence, Brazilians appear ready to give up their hard-won democracy for a president who can provide stability.
Saudi Oil Minister Khalid al-Falih and his Russian Counterpart, Alexander Novak, are the petroleum industry’s most buzzed about duo. Here’s why.
Since President Trump announced that he would pull out of the Iran nuclear deal, European leaders are actively working to help Tehran get around new sanctions.
How A.I. and Automation Will Drive the Next Great Rail Age
The country needs to find ways to share prosperity with workers.
In August, Australia blocked Huawei from building the country’s 5G network. Why the company says the ban should be reversed.
The case, involving the president’s choice for a top post at the Department of Homeland Security, is the latest to shed light on foreign influence on American politics and government.
For Uber drivers, the workplace can feel like a world of constant surveillance, automated manipulation and threats of ‘deactivation.’ 
Gianluca De Bartolo traveled to a mountain village in southern Italy to document how the town celebrates its patron saint with an arboreal wedding.
While President Trump hailed a “brand new deal,” some Canadian readers say they felt bullied into a trade agreement.
Kawauchi, the Boston Marathon winner, is known as Citizen Runner and combines racing with a government job. He is about to compete in his ninth marathon of the year. Most top runners do two.
The columnist Cyril Almeida is the latest to come under withering official pressure, and the new Pakistani government may be positioned to attack advertising as well.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
At her party conference, Mrs. May relived earlier public relations failures and won over her audience. But the big fight over Brexit is looming.
A year ago, many in Brazil regarded Representative Jair Bolsonaro’s presidential bid as fanciful. He has defied the country’s laws of political gravity.
The American economy added 134,000 jobs in September, the Labor Department said, and unemployment fell to 3.7 percent.
Paige Williams tells a panoramic story that has, at its center, a man who tried to sell a stolen Tyrannosaurus skeleton from Mongolia.
How does one’s sense of community impact the decision to vote? Why do you think this is?
The Italian government has defied eurozone rules with a lavish spending plan and squandered credibility with bond investors. The turmoil could rock the globe.
The move is a significant reversal for the president. A new agency will provide $60 billion in financing aimed at blocking Beijing’s ambitions.
“Golden Handcuffs: The Secret History of Trump’s Women” traces how the president’s consequence-free (so far) comments about women continue a running theme that started early in his life.
Fed up with corruption and violence, Brazilians tilted toward the far-right candidate and his promise of an iron fist. He will face Fernando Haddad of the Workers’ Party.
Billie Sutton is running for governor of South Dakota as a conservative Democrat with cowboy cred and a stirring life story.
The average age of the Broadway theatergoer last season was 40.6 — the lowest since 2000, the Broadway League says, and 15 percent of theatergoers were under 18.
Plunging corporate tax revenues from the Trump tax cuts helped push the annual deficit to $779 billion. It is on track to reach $1 trillion by 2020.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
It was a technological wonder — until the retail landscape changed and new innovation, and greedy owners, arrived.
I know it’s incorrect to think of race-conscious admissions policies as helping just the lucky few. 
Democrats are largely ducking the topic on the campaign trail, but few people in Washington doubt that it will be on the table if they win the House.
Major transformations can happen in a generation. But not without government help.
Sears went bankrupt under the financier’s leadership. For the first time since the bankruptcy, Mr. Lampert speaks publicly about how he got it wrong.
Faced with the reality of a limited budget and soaring crime, Andrés Manuel López Obrador is scaling back campaign commitments — even before taking office.
How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?
The Vermont Democrat is the first transgender person to be nominated for governor. She’s facing a Republican incumbent whose popularity has tumbled recently.
As the city of Palu mourns the dead from an earthquake and tsunami, it is haunted by questions of whether the government could have stemmed the devastation.
A defender of apartheid, he also showed a moderate streak rarely found among hard-liners, predicting that the country would one day have a black president.
Doing significantly more work in the United States, as the company is being pressured to do, would require an overhaul of its business model and corporate culture.
On the island’s less-trafficked northern coast, where “everything is on a smaller scale,” a stable economy and increased tourism are driving a slow market uptrend. 
President Trump told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the science regarding climate change is still unsettled.
Republicans took over the House in 2010 in part by ringing alarm bells about the deficit. The hole is growing again. The denunciations are not.
American stock markets briefly stabilized early Thursday, as a report showing muted inflation helped send bond yields lower. By late morning, stocks were falling again.
India’s governing party promised to champion women and economic growth, but more women are leaving the work force than ever, partly over safety concerns.
At a summit Mrs. May asked for help in reviving stalled exit talks, but offered little new. Negotiations now look likely to go down to the wire.
Concerns over China’s economy continue to weigh on investors.
Or why Beijing just made disappear and arrested the man it had chosen to lead Interpol.
Also, two economists win the Nobel in economic science for their work on climate change.
Stocks dropped yet again on Wednesday, as the S.&P. 500 gave up its gains for 2018.
Places hit hard by Hurricane Michael are slowly returning to normal, but residents worry that officials will be in too great a hurry to move on.
In battleground districts across the nation, a “life is good” ethos may make swing voters harder to persuade than some Democrats anticipate.
The European Commission told Rome that it would have to rewrite its draft 2019 budget and reduce its deficit, or face heavy fines early next year.
A report from the Council of Economic Advisers compares Bernie Sanders to Chairman Mao, and warns that pickup trucks cost more in Sweden. 
Nations have flags and anthems — but they also have their defining treats. Here are some candies that capture the spirit of the countries they come from.
Marcus Molinaro, the Republican candidate who finds himself unable to narrow a deficit in the polls, says his life’s struggles have helped define his campaign.
The midterms are a referendum on many of the most divisive issues in America; plus, getting out the vote in Texas, and close races in Iowa and N.J.
This year’s midterms carry enormous political stakes, but if history is any guide, the vast majority of eligible voters will stay home on Election Day.
A.I. is about to have a significant impact on the factory floor, according to Harald Bauer, McKinsey’s leader of semiconductors practice for EMEA.
Chicago’s subway has also been plagued by crumbling tracks, antiquated signals and unreliable trains. Here is how it turned around.
Voters don’t like Republican policies, but conservatives win by spinning a good story about economics. Liberals need to do the same.
Thursday: Examining what happens if the economy takes a bad turn, the stock market plummets, and the search for an 800-pound hammer.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
A slide in technology shares dragged down major stock indexes on Wall Street as investors continued to digest rising interest rates.
Suburban men, focused largely on economic issues, constitute a potential bulwark for President Trump in many of the suburban districts that will determine control of the House.
Impact investing — which considers social good in addition to financial returns — has matured in the past decade, and some investors are turning more attention to the arts.
Friday: A demographic angle to the state’s crisis, Nick Mullens leads the Battle of the Bay in his N.F.L. debut, and the Salesforce Tower’s Halloween display.
The president is less popular than overall growth would predict.
The truth about the Nordic economies.
Despite their sudden rise, they didn’t come out of nowhere. 
By threatening to penalize Swift, the financial messaging service, the U.S. is alienating European allies and could undercut the dollar’s dominance.
Todd Bol’s Little Free Library boxes, which blend the form of folk art with the function of a community water cooler, have popped up in all 50 states and in 88 countries.
Few statewide results alarmed Democrats in 2016 more than Ohio. Now they are honing what they hope is a winning economic message focused on workers.
The government and Islamist leaders enraged over the acquittal of a woman accused of blasphemy struck a deal that allows further appeals and bars her from leaving the country.
Does Senator Ted Cruz really enjoy a comfortable lead over Representative Beto O’Rourke in Texas, or are the polls not accounting for a surge in turnout among millennials and first-time voters?
Former President Barack Obama remarked on a heckler, Senator Ted Cruz seizes on a Project Veritas video, and strategists form a consensus about how their parties will fare on Tuesday.
Super PACs for both parties are devoting late money to vulnerable seats, and two major newspapers in Texas endorsed Beto O’Rourke, Ted Cruz’s opponent.
The head of the Chinese company’s nonprofit arm discussed using its connections to help sell weapons to Chad, Qatar and Libya, according to federal prosecutors.
Young voters discuss the issues motivating them this year.
In Obama’s era, democracy done in good faith struggled. For his demagoguing opponents, that remains the whole point. 
Representative Tom Reed, an incumbent Republican, is facing a challenge from Tracy Mitrano, a cybersecurity expert, in New York’s Trump Country.
Eight countries — including India, South Korea, Japan and China, among the world’s largest importers of Iranian oil — were granted six-month waivers. The European Union did not receive an exemption.
BMW’s earnings may show the effects of the trade war, Disney’s earnings are expected to be strong and E.U. ministers will discuss trade relations with the U.S.
The president has reclaimed the formula that made the landslide victories of the Nixon and Reagan years possible. 
Apparently, the self-evident truth that all people deserve life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness is far from settled.
Socialist revolution. All the governor’s helicopters. “Rapper” as political dog whistle. And more from The Times.
The Trump administration just imposed what it called the biggest sanctions action ever taken by the U.S. against Iran. Why? And what may happen next?
The chancellor of the Exchequer promised more money for health, education and even fixing potholes. But worry remains about the country’s withdrawal from the European Union.
President Trump pledged to cut off the assistance because of the caravan approaching the United States. But the money still flows. And the U.S. is helping countries with Venezuelan refugees.
A reader cites a roiling stock market, store closures and rising interest rates and predicts that a major correction is in the offing. 
Will the Supreme Court wipe out the government protections that have shielded Americans from abusive business practices since the New Deal?
The president and the far right want to keep the free movement of goods and money, but not of people. 
The killing of Jamal Khashoggi may be scaring away the foreign partners Saudi Arabia needs to overhaul its economy. Empty seats at a high-profile conference reflect the danger.
This case could test whether there is a constitutional right to a stable and safe climate. What do you think? Do these young people have strong arguments in their favor?
Trying to solve an economic mystery. 
It’s impossible to drive across the state and not be reminded of the first boundlessness of American potential. 
The front-runner in the presidential race has sent mixed messages about critical issues, including pension reform and the privatization of state-run companies.
By the time he was arrested, Mr. Sayoc appeared to fit a familiar profile of a modern extremist, radicalized online and sucked into a vortex of partisan furor.
Six months after a weeklong teacher walkout, education has been a focal point in midterm races up and down the ballot.
Washington State voters will consider carbon fees aimed at curbing climate change. If they approve, the state will be the first in the nation to impose the fees.
If you’re angry about politics, do something about it.
Ms. Kelly relentlessly tied her opponent, Kris Kobach, to former Gov. Sam Brownback, whose socially conservative policies became very unpopular.
Regardless of the outcomes, Republican candidates embraced the divisive, racially inflammatory messages of President Trump in 2018, folding up the party’s Big Tent.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Inaccurate statistics on how much oil is being produced on any given day can affect the oil market.
The National Parks Conservation Association says our energy needs can be met in a less harmful way.
Writers from across the spectrum on the 2018 elections and what the results mean for American politics.
Readers offer different assessments of what messages the voters were sending, and how both parties should proceed.
There is already chatter about curbing the money in campaigns, tightening gun control, funding immigrants’ educations, and codifying Roe v. Wade.
Gains in the Senate show that President Trump is insulated from the economic fallout.
The company’s Electron rocket carried a batch of small commercial satellites from a launchpad in New Zealand, a harbinger of a major transformation to the space business.
How best to invigorate the country’s economy has reanimated a wrenching debate in Europe about whether it is better to spend or cut in the face of stagnation.
Technically, Korea wasn’t even a war. But that doesn’t mean we can ignore the veterans who fought in it.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a lens on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
We set out to document 24 different hours in 24 states, to shine a light on the lives of people rarely in the headlines. These are the peanut farmers, heart surgeons, pastors and teachers we met.
An eyewitness to atomic warfare as a combat pilot, he returned home to help found Apache, one of the nation’s largest independent oil and gas concerns.
Maithripala Sirisena’s move, which critics said was illegal, deepened a two-week-old constitutional crisis over who is the legitimate prime minister of the island nation.
Venezuela has become just the latest victim of hyperinflation — that perfect storm of economic mismanagement, consumer anxiety and political chaos.
The Scottish artist Katie Paterson is collecting 100 unpublished works that won’t be released in their writers’ lifetimes.
Premium economy — offering more space than coach but at a lower fare than business class — is turning out to be popular among fliers and a huge moneymaker for the airlines.
The election produced some wins for the climate, but also underscored the power of the fossil fuel industry.
The party didn’t get everything it wanted. But it got what it and the country need.
A glowing jobs report right before an election should be a gift to the party in power, but the president’s strident tone on immigration is drowning out the good news.
How well did you follow the news this past week? How many of these 10 questions can you get right?
“Where there is indigenous land,” newly elected President Jair Bolsonaro has said, “there is wealth underneath it.”
Amazon’s announcement of a headquarters in Queens today sets up a showdown between local officials, who are hesitant about the deal, and the mayor and governor who both want it.
Chinese collectors flock to London to buy items from their country’s Imperial past, attracted by pieces with ownership histories that guarantee authenticity.
The cabinet’s support relieves some of the pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May, but there are several steps before the agreement could take effect.
Europe and the United States are trying to agree to formal trade talks but the E.U. is already preparing to hit back if Mr. Trump moves ahead with car tariffs.
The Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, did not mention President Trump on Wednesday, but his remarks amounted to a defense of the central bank.
The Continent faces a confluence of economic and political crises after Germany’s growth disappointed and Italy defied calls to modify a populist budget plan.
Not so long ago, corporate leaders understood they had a stake in the country’s prosperity.
Uncertainty over the stability of a trade war truce between Washington and Beijing has renewed investor worries about global growth prospects.
Let us help you start your day.
Major stock indexes dropped again Friday, in Wall Street’s third decline this week. Investors remained gripped by uncertainty about how much the American economy could slow next year.
The Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, prompting concerns that growth will slow — and workers will reap fewer of the benefits.
How did Choc, a quirky calligraphic typeface drawn by a French graphic designer in the 1950s, end up on storefronts everywhere?
Mayor Bill de Blasio spends far less time at City Hall than he once did, leading some city officials to ask: Has the mayor lost focus?
Let us help you start your day. 
A brief guide to recessions and what can be done about them.
The U.S. has leverage over Riyadh. Let’s use it.
Stocks slumped through the afternoon, with the S&P 500 at its lowest point for the year and most sectors affected by the sell-off.
Ye Jianming courted the Biden family and networked with former United States security officials. Today, his empire is crashing down in court.
Along the nation’s northern border, businesses depend on holiday shoppers from Canada. This year, tensions between the two countries are keeping some people away.
The move was fiercely opposed by NATO and neighboring Serbia, which said it would threaten peace in the war-scarred Balkan region.
The Internet Association makes the case for a federal law.
My dad was a longtime labor activist. He despises what Jeff Bezos built, but he can’t quit it. 
Palladium, a silvery-white metal used in cars and sometimes jewelry, has topped gold in commodities trading for the last three days. 
The U.S. adopts a hard line against China, and an era of engagement recedes into the past.
Jennifer Valentino-DeVries, an investigative reporter for The Times, explains how reporters discovered some of the information mobile apps collect.
Paul Romer had a doubly big day: first he was married to Caroline Weber and then accepted a Nobel later in the evening.
Here’s what you need to know.
Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day.
Mexico has a plan to deal with migrants: develop Central America, ideally with U.S. help. If not, it may turn to China, a powerful player in the region.
The International Monetary Fund agreed to a $3.9 billion line of credit for Ukraine, whose economy has struggled with corruption and a conflict with Russia.
An unorthodox economic indicator points to an improving outlook in China’s rust belt. Economists are skeptical, but there are precedents for this kind of measurement.
Guatemalan officials’ courting of the Trump administration may explain their muted response to the deaths of two children in U.S. custody.
Music is competing for attention, and songs are just one of many products artists are hawking today: Aspiring pop stars need a new skill set, building careers that work like reality TV.
The House Democratic class of ’19 is planning a major push on voting, ethics and campaign finance reform. All that stands in the way is the Senate. 
The retail behemoth is laying the groundwork to penetrate Brazil’s huge consumer market, analysts say. Success won’t come easy.
The idea of building a border wall remains a central flash point of the Trump era. But as Times photojournalists have seen for themselves, a wall already exists, and it takes many forms.
Here are four important unsettled issues for 2019 that are on the mind of the economist N. Gregory Mankiw.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has fostered booming economic growth and better social development. But voters are wary of her authoritarian tendencies.
Friday: Considering whether all of the state’s teams can make the playoffs, President Trump weighs in on the killing of a police officer, and the year in pictures.
The excesses that could end a boom decade for the American economy are coming into view.
 Sunday’s election is a contest between two bad options — but one is worse than the other.
Women from India, Pakistan and beyond are finally gaining recognition thanks to a spate of recent and coming museum shows.
Wednesday: Election Day brought wins for Gavin Newsom and Dianne Feinstein, but many competitive House races were too close to call.
Whatever the president says, the Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, is not the problem.
Home prices are out of reach relative to incomes and mortgage rates. The big question for the economy is how the imbalance adjusts. 
Two of China’s largest conglomerates have been snapping up fashion brands in recent years.
The web was supposed to set the world free. China's is censored, but booming anyway.
Money is just the obvious obstacle. A few diseases, like H.I.V., so far have outwitted both the immune system and scientists.
America’s water supply is increasingly digitized, and increasingly vulnerable. 
The automaker said the moves would affect five factories in the United States and Canada. President Trump said he was unhappy with the move.
President Trump’s forceful support of Saudi Arabia’s crown prince may have backfired by prompting members of Congress to promise investigations of their own.
The European Union took another step toward punishing Italy for insisting on a heavy-spending budget even while it remains heavily indebted.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
Our new series, China Rules, shows how a country mired in poverty beat the odds and managed to become the most powerful modern rival to the United States. 
Remember that you can be thoroughly anti-Trump without being completely Trump-obsessed.
Both sides need to be smart and honest about how the countries became economic successes. 
If you’re willing to search, you can get a vacation deal. You’ll even be able to check a bag at no extra cost. 
The $1.8 billion gift to Johns Hopkins is praised for its generosity, but some readers suggest that such a sum could be better spent to boost less elite institutions and students.
Did Donald Trump capitalize on Barack Obama’s failure to whack bankers?
When people have a hole in their life, they often fill it with angry politics.
It isn’t just size. Unlike many big American companies, Amazon is not squandering its profits on stock buybacks.
More and more of the predicted impacts of global warming are now becoming a reality.
Traffic jams and delayed trains are infuriating for everyone, but they’re especially painful when they make you miss your baby’s bedtime yet again.
American accusations of economic espionage by China could shape negotiations over a trade deal.
Here’s what you need to know to start your day.
The coastal province of Valencia is cheaper and more manageable than Spain’s major metropolises, making it an appealing alternative for many home buyers. 
A new study examines the share of primary homes owned by the native-born and foreign-born in America’s most populated metropolitan areas.
Conservative policies are directly linked to a rise in poverty, and the country’s leadership is in “a state of denial.”
With thousands of homes destroyed in the wildfires, the homeless crisis just got worse.
